<html>
<head>
<title>call for paper</title>
<meta charset="utf-8">
</head>

<body>
<table width="500" cellspacing="0" align="center">
<tr align="center">
<th>organizers</th>
<th>title</th>
<th>shorttitle</th>
<th>only-for-homework</th>
<th>accept-chinese-submission</th>
</tr>

<tr align="center">
<td rowspan="2" align="center">

<table  cellspacing="0" align="center">
<tr>
<td>name</td>
<td align="center">id</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>杨铭</td>
<td>2020XXXXXXX062</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table  cellspacing="0" align="center">
<tr>
<td>name</td>
<td align="center">id</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">顾守珂</td>
<td>2020XXXXXXX048</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table cellspacing="0" align="center">
<tr>
<td>name</td>
<td align="center">id</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td align="center">邱建兵</td>
<td>2020XXXXXXX046</td>
</tr>
</table>

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td align="center">Attacks on Wireless Sensor Networks</td>
<td>AWSN</td>
<td>true</td>
<td>true</td>
</tr>
</table>
<h1>Call for Paper</h1>
<h2>Descriptions</h2>
The <i>Attacks on Wireless Senor Network</i>, a famous professional academic meeting, is striving to provide the best platform for researchers and scholars worldwide to exchange their latest findings and results. <i><b>Attacks on Wireless Senor Network</b></i> is a peer_reviewed meeting(print and online).The meeting publishes articles,reviews,etc. We receive all kinds of articles that related to wireless sensor network attacks. And any language is ok. The meeting provides free and open access to all of its content on our Website. Accepted papers will immediately appear online followed by the printed in hard copy.
<h2>Peer review Policy</h2>
All the research articles in this meeting are subject to strict peer review, based on the preliminary screening of editors and anonymous review by at least two anonymous reviewers.
<h2>Editorlal Procedures</h2>
All papers considered appropriate for this meeting are reviewed anonymously by at least two outside reviewers. The review process usually takes two to three weeks. Papers are accepted for publication subject to no substantive, stylistic editing. The Editor reserves the right to make any necessarychanges in the papers, or request the author to do so, or reject the paper submited.A copy of the edited paper along with the first proofs will be sent to the author for proofreading.
<h2>Submission of Manuscript</h2>
You can submit according to the prompts under the contribution column of our website(www.awsn.com), or contact us by email(awsn@gmail.com).
<h2>Information for Authors</h2>
1.Submission of Manuscript: The manuscript should be original, and has not been published previously. Do not submit material that is currently being considered by another meeting.
2.Article Processing Charge: We will charge some fee if the paper is published in our meeting.
</body>
</html>
