---
organizers:
  -
    name: 杜卿芸
    id: 2021226240010
  -
    name: 朱子青
    id: 2021226240005
    
title: Conference on Smart Grid Cybersecurity and Privacy
shorttitle: CSGCP
only-for-homework: true
score1: 
score2: 
comments: ""

---


## Call For Papers

The **C**onference on **S**mart **G**rid **C**ybersecurity and **P**rivacy (CSGCP) aims to bring together leading academic researchers and research scholars of SCU to exchange and share their experiences and research results on all aspects of Smart Grid Cybersecurity and Privacy. It also provides a premier interdisciplinary platform for researchers, practitioners, and educators to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, and concerns as well as practical challenges encountered and solutions adopted in the fields of Smart Grid Cybersecurity and Privacy.

CSGCP will investigate the cyber layer of the smart grid and how it connects, interacts, and impacts the physical layer. The focus will be on innovative technologies, solutions, and methodologies that advance smart grid cybersecurity while considering the prevailing privacy issues. Papers describing **cyber-resilient infrastructure, communication architectures, risk assessment and measurement, cyber-physical security** will be in scope.

### **Areas of interest**

We invite high quality submissions of research papers describing original contributions that are unpublished and not under review elsewhere. The research papers will focus on the following three focus areas. 

##### **– Focus Area 1:** **Secure and resilient cyber-physical and communication architectures**

- Tamper-resistant device technologies and root of trust
- Cryptography, key management, authentication, provenance, and access control
- Detection, prevention, and mitigation of cyber data attacks and false data injection
- (Distributed) Denial of Service resilience
- Cloud security
- Resilience through novel network architecture or heterogeneous networks

**– Focus Area 2:** **Security and privacy risk assessment, measurement and management**

- Models of smart grid security and privacy
- Cross-Domain (power to cyber) intrusion and security event detection, analysis, and response
- Big data and machine learning approaches for smart grid security and privacy
- Deception technologies for smart grid (e.g., honeypot)
- Privacy preservation and inference

**– Focus Area 3:** **Smart Energy and Cyber-Physical Applications of Security**

- Security and Privacy for the Internet of Things (IoT)
- Supervisory Control And Data Acquisition (SCADA) and legacy system security
- Security design and verification tools
- End-to-end security for smart energy systems
- Blockchain technologies for power grid
- Cyber-physical security for distributed energy resources

### **Paper Submission**

The conference solicits outstanding original research and practice papers on all aspects of service-oriented computing. Papers should clearly demonstrate the research or practical contribution, the relevance to the field, and the relationship to prior work. Submitted papers will be evaluated according to their rigor, significance, originality, technical quality, and exposition. All papers will be reviewed by at least three members of the Program Committee.

Papers should be formatted according to [Springer’s LNCS Formatting Guidelines](https://www.springer.com/cn/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines). Submissions must not exceed 15 pages. Each paper must be submitted on or before the provided deadlines. Authors are kindly invited to respect the abstract submission deadline, set one week before the paper submission. 

For each accepted paper, at least one author must attend the conference and present the paper. The deadline for identifying and registering this individual author will be at the time when the camera-ready version is submitted.

## Important Dates

- Submission due: June 4, 2022
- Initial notification to authors: June 5, 2022
- Final acceptance/rejection notification to authors: June 18 , 2022
- Camera ready manuscripts due:  August 15 , 2022
- Conference dates: October 20 , 2022 - October 22 , 2022

## **Best Paper Award**

The Best Paper Award will be given to the paper that the Program Committee judges to be the best in quality, execution, and impact among all the accepted papers in the conference.