---
organizers:
-
  name: 赵倩崇
  id: 2017141531046
-
  name: 马一心
  id: 2017141531013
-
  name: 孙思琦
  id: 2017141531041
title: WORKSHOP ON INTELLIGENT DATA AND SECURITY
shorttittle: IDAS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

In today’s world, intelligent systems are widely deployed and investigated in many domains from the governments to industry players, from academics to consumer level demand. Intelligent systems and data analytics are important components when matters pertaining to effective security solution becomes subject of discussion. Meanwhile, the research on this is getting more and more attention due to the rapid development of computing and communication techniques. This will help reduce significantly the vulnerability of the systems as well as improve their resilience. Moreover, the data collected from advanced intelligent systems cloud systems, networks, sensors, computers, intrusion detection systems could be used to identify vital information. These information could be used to detect how vulnerable the systems are to risks factors, and so effective Cyber security solution can be developed. In addition to that, the utilization of data analytics tools in the cybersecurity field gives new insights through considering factors such as zero-day attack detection, real time analysis; resource constrained data processing among others.
The workshop on intelligent data and security addresses the use of advanced intelligent systems in providing cybersecurity solutions in many fields, and the challenges, approaches, and future directions.

Important dates:
Paper submission: May 1, 2021
Author notification: May 20, 2021
Camera-Ready: June 1, 2021
Registration: June 1, 2021
Workshop date: June 10-12, 2021

Topics of particular interest include, but are not limited to:
- Digital forensics in intelligent data
- Advanced Intelligent systems and data analytics for Cloud/Edge systems security
- Big data security, Database security
- Intelligent database and security
- Intelligent systems for intrusion detection in Internet of Things (IoT) systems
- Intelligent data mining in security, optimization, and cloud computing
- Social engineering, insider threats, advance spear phishing
- Cyber threat intelligence and implementations
- Cloud computing and networking models
