---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 陈思睿
      id: 2020XXXXXX068
    - name: 董昱灿
      id: 2020XXXXXX028
title: Workshop Of Information Hiding Technology
shorttitle: WOIHT
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
score1: 90
score2: 85
comments: "主题和topics关联清晰，内容组织比较完整，但是缺少具体的格式说明"
---

## Call for Papers

### Needs and Purposes

In today's Internet era, the rapid development of network technology provides great convenience for the dissemination and utilization of information; At the same time, people are also faced with the great challenge of information security. How to protect the security of information in the process of transmission has become an important issue faced by human beings. The traditional solution is to encrypt the transmitted message, but with the development of computer processing speed and parallel processing technology, it is no longer impossible to decipher the encryption algorithm. Therefore, to find more solutions to the problem of safe transmission of information has become one of the important problems faced by mankind in the information age, and information hiding technology has emerged as The Times require.
The purpose of this call is to collect papers on information hiding technology or the latest research in the field of information hiding, such as new steganographic methods, new algorithms, or breakthroughs in the analysis of previous steganographic algorithms.
We welcome relevant researchers and practitioners to submit their research results and papers.
Topics of particular interest include, but are not limited to:

-   Information hiding for covert channels
-   Numeric steganography in semantic and structural terms
-   Anonymous communication
-   Robust copyright identification using watermarks and fingerprints
-   The copyright protection of fragile digital watermark
-   Cryptography based on black box, white box and grey box

### Submission Guidelines

Submitter should adjust the completed paper into a standard format before the deadline, and then send it to the designated email address. If the submission cannot be made before the deadline for any special reason, the situation should be explained in advance.

### Important Dates

Submission Deadline: June 4, 2021
Final decision date: June 18, 2022
Final submission deadline: June 15, 2022
Publish Date: 25 June 2022
