---
organizers:
  -
    name: 刘汉卿
    id: 2020xxxxxx082
  -
    name: 张玉林
    id: 2020xxxxxx018
  -
    name: 李江川
    id: 2020xxxxxx085
title: The Workshop of Multimedia Information Forensics and Security (MIFS)
shorttitle: MIFS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
score1: 90
score2: 90
comments: "主题和topics清晰，组织内容完善"
---

### Overview

The Workshop of Multimedia Information Forensics and Security (MIFS), sponsored by School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University, is the premier workshop for the presentation of multimedia information forensics, multimedia information security, surveillance, and systems applications that incorporate these features. Multimedia Information forensics and security are the intersection of multimedia intelligent information processing and cyberspace security, and they have received extensive attention in recent years. With the continuous development of artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing and other technologies, the editing methods of multimedia content are also changing with each passing day. Modifying digital image, audio and video data becomes simple and interesting, but it also faces many security issues.

Topics will include, but not be limited to, the following:

- Image/video processing: Image filtering, restoration and enhancement, image segmentation, video segmentation and tracking, morphological processing, stereoscopic and 3D processing, feature extraction and analysis, interpolation and super-resolution, motion detection and estimation, implementation and systems.

- Multimedia information tampering: Copy-move, Splicing, Re-touched, and creation of deepfakes.

- Forensic Analysis: damage assessment, signal classification, channel identification, detection and identification of anomalous events, data mining for forensic evidence.

- Data Hiding/Embedding and Watermarking: coding and decoding methods, attacks, steganography and steganalysis, traitor tracing, information-theoretic performance limits.

- Security and Privacy Analysis: signal and data authentication, multilevel methods, networks, interplay of security, privacy, and other information-processing tasks.

### Important dates

Paper Submission Deadlines: June 4, 2021(Tentative)

Notification of acceptance: June 18, 2021

Workshops: July 26, 2021

Main Conference: June 25-July 2, 2021



### Submission Guidelines

Each research paper should be a validated contribution covering one or more of four styles of papers methodological, technology, applications, or systems. Papers are welcome that provide contributions in more than one of these areas. Authors should select a primary designation for submissions:

- Methodological papers should describe advances in theories and methods of computer vision, such as ethical issues, theories on presence, or human factors.

- Technology papers should describe advancements in algorithms or devices critical to computer vision such as input, display, user interaction, or tracking. Application papers provide an important insight to the community by explaining how the authors built upon existing ideas and applied them to solve an interesting problem in a novel way.

- System papers should indicate how the developers integrated techniques and technologies to produce an effective system, and convey any lessons learned in the process. All authors must agree to the policies stipulated below.

- Review Process: By submitting a paper to our conference, the authors agree to the review process and understand that papers are processed by the conference system to match each manuscript to the best possible chairs and reviewers.

- Double blind review: The conference reviewing is double blind, in that authors do not know the names of the area chair/reviewers of their papers, and area chairs/reviewers do not know the names of the authors. All authors must avoid providing information that may identify the authors in the papers.

- Dual/Double Submissions: By submitting a manuscript to our conference, authors acknowledge that it has not been previously published or accepted for publication in substantially similar form in any peer-reviewed venue including journal, conference, workshop, or archival forums. The goals of the dual submission policy are (i) to have exciting new work be published for the first time at our conference, and (ii) to avoid duplicating the effort of reviewers.

- Attendance responsibilities: The authors agree that if the paper is accepted, at least one of the authors will register for the conference and present the paper there. We welcome paper submissions between 4 and 8 pages, NOT including references. Note that there are no distinct categories for short papers or technotes. The contribution of the paper will be weighed against its length during review. All submissions will receive at least three reviews by experts in the field to ensure quality of accepted submissions.


### Organization

- Organizer: The Workshop of Multimedia Information Forensics and Security (MIFS)

- Hosts: Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering

- General Chairs:
  - Hanqing Liu, Sichuan University
  - Yulin Zhang, Sichuan University
  - Jiangchuan Li, Sichuan University

### Contacts

- Conference Papers Chairs:

Hanqing Liu, Sichuan University, China

Yulin Zhang, Sichuan University, China

Jiangchuan Li, Sichuan University, China
