---
organizers:
  -
    name: 郭旭
    id: 2020XXXXXXX049  
  -
    name: 郑涛
    id: 2020XXXXXXX009
  -
    name: 李方灏
    id: 2020XXXXXXY050
title: Mobile Software And System Security
shorttitle: MSASS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true

---

<div align=center>

# Call for Papers​

---

# MSASS COMPASS 2021

(Association for Software analysis security of SCU)

1 June – 3 June 2021 (virtual)

</div>

---

# Background and Topics

Android has grown from a humble mobile operating system into a ubiquitous platform connecting many kinds of user devices across the world. In this rapidly changing ecosystem,We sincerely invite experts and scholars in relevant fields to discuss the security issues in the field of Android.


<center>

## Speakers

</center>


<center>

* What's New in Android.
* Developing Android applications.
* Designing Android applications.
* Android malware detection.
* Android system security.
* building Android-connected hardware.
* ...

</center>


<center>

## Expanding Horizons

</center>

We hope you can put forward some of your own ideas at the meeting, for example, you have recently solved a complex problem, and we hope you can share your solution! If you can't think of a topic, here are some topics you can refer to:

  
<center>
  
* What's New in Android.
* Material Design
* Permissions and Security
* App Architecture
* Testing
* Accessibility
* Continuous Integration
* Benchmarking Tools
* Google Cast and Nearby APIs
* Android TV, Wear, and Auto
* IoT Devices and Platforms
* Android for Work and the Enterprise
* Game Development and Augmented Reality
</center>

---

<center>

# Submission Guidelines

</center>

Please submit as many proposals as you like, but we will only select a single proposal per speaker.

Please adhere to the following guidelines when submitting your talk to droidcon MSASS 2021. We cannot guarantee that if you follow these suggestions that your talk will be accepted, but you will have a much better chance:

<center>

### 1. Please ensure that your talk title and description match and that the title accurately reflects your topic?

</center>

We all love a cute and catchy talk title with a nice play on words, but the program committee (and attendees for that matter) should be able to tell at a glance what topic your session will cover. We also ask that you be aware of our code of conduct when choosing your title.

<center>

### 2. Define key takeaways and learning points?

</center>

You will help the committee select your topic if you can explain what you hope audience members will learn. Please try and include three to five key points that make your talk stand out from others. (This is important because we often receive 4-5 submissions on the same topic.) The more concrete (and relevant) these learning points are to the audience/conference, the better.

<center>

### 3.What is your experience level with the topic?

</center>

You don’t have to be a level 12 Black Belt in Kotlin to get your talk accepted. The committee does, however, need to know what your experience level with the topics is. Is the app or technology you are working being deployed at scale? Is it a hobby or a side-project? What are your real-world experiences with the topic.


---

<center>
  
# Additional information

</center>

For more information, please see [Example Paper](http://none/?fileGuid=hgqRtkygpVdXQTwj).

Ok, you’re here to submit a session idea, so let’s get to it! [Submit here](http://none/?fileGuid=hgqRtkygpVdXQTwj)!





