---
organizers:
  -
    name: 蔡易成
    id: 2017XXXXXXX093
  -
    name: 陈欣雨
    id: 2017XXXXXXX040
  -
    name: 翦逸飞
    id: 2017XXXXXXX036
  -
    name: 柯亮
    id: 2017XXXXXXX066
title: The International Conference on Open-Source Intelligence and Public Opinion Monitoring
shorttitle: OSI&POM2021
only-for-homework: false
accept-chinese-submission: true

---

## CALL FOR PAPERS

The International Conference on Open-Source Intelligence and Public Opinion Monitoring (OSI&POM) is a premier IEEE conference presenting research in the open-source intelligence and public opinion monitoring technology. For eight years, OSI&POM has been a research forum for academic, industrial, and government researchers. We encourage submission of high-quality papers reporting original work in both theoretical and experimental research areas that can be applied to OSINT gathering and analysis or POM techniques.

### Topics for OSI&POM 2021

The conference seeks submissions from diverse communities, including corporate and academic researchers, open-source projects, system and security administrators, software engineers and application domain experts. Topics of interest focused on open-source intelligence and public opinion monitoring include (but are not limited to):

- Multi-source target website page extraction
- Verification code recognition
- Human-machine recognition confrontation
- Social robot detection
- Social network analysis
- Social networking security and privacy
- User mining across social networks
- Individual mental disease detection
- Text sentiment analysis
- Secure electronic commerce
- False information detection and generation
- Sensitive information identification
- Automatic detection and tracking of major events

We particularly encourage submissions describing:

- Rumor detection
- Individual depression detection
- Opinion spam recognition
- Jargon detection and identification

### Paper Submission Guidelines

1. #### Obtain an OSI&POM membership

   To submit a proposal, you are required to be an OSI&POM member and also pre-register for the conference. To sign up or renew your OSI&POM membership, [Click here](https://www.google.com/).

2. #### Log in and visit My Submissions

   Log in to the site with your OSI&POM username and password. Once logged in, click on the 'My Submissions' link on the left side. From there, decide if you are submitting a Paper or an Abstract, and fill the proposal forms by following the on-screen instructions.

   Paper submissions should be formatted according to the IEEE standard double-column format with a font size of 10 pt or larger. The standard page length is 8 pages for full papers and 6 pages for short papers. Please refer to the [IEEE formatting instruction](http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html) for details: Submissions should represent original research results and may not be under review or accepted for publication in another venue. All papers should be submitted through the [OSI&POM system](http://www.google.com).

For any questions regarding paper submissions, please refer to the conference website http://osipom.org for more details or contact us at [director@osipom.org](director@osipom.org).

## Important Dates

- **March 1, 2021**

  Deadline for submission of Regular Papers

- **March 15, 2021**

  Early-reject notification to authors

- **March 20, 2021**

  Acceptance notification to authors

- **June 1, 2021**

  Deadline for resubmission of revised papers

- **June 15, 2021**

  Video presentations due

- **June 30, 2021**

  Camera-ready deadline

### Conflicts of Interest

The conference requires cooperation from both authors and program-committee members to ensure a fair review process. For this purpose, authors must report all program-committee members who, in their opinion, have a conflict of interest and therefore may not be able to provide an unbiased review. Mandatory declared conflicts of interest include current or former doctoral advisor/advisee, members of the same institution, close family members, and recent co-authors (within the past 2 years). For any other declared conflict, authors are required to explain the nature of the conflict, which will be reviewed by the Conference Co-Chairs. The chairs reserve the right to request further explanation and can remove non-mandatory conflicts at their discretion.

### Program Committee

#### PC Co-Chairs

- Yicheng Cai, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University
- Xinyu Chen, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University
- Yifei Jian, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University
- Liang Ke, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University

#### Contact Information

- Mail: Tryfindme@scu.com
