---
organizers:
  -
    name: 李丞浩
    id: 2017XXXXXX008
  -
    name: 李劭
    id: 2017XXXXXX050
  -
    name: 杨鑫岩
    id: 2017XXXXXX033
  -
    name: 潘宏宇
    id: 2017XXXXXX070
title: SCU International Network Security Workshop
shorttitle: SINSW
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

## **SCU International Network Security Workshop**

### **Call for Papers**

SINSW 2021 is soliciting research papers on topics covering all well-motivated network security problems. It aims to bring together scientists, researchers and students to exchange novel ideas and results in all aspects of network security. We care about techniques that identify new network threats, techniques to prevent them, to detect them, to mitigate them, or to assess their prevalence and their consequences. Measurement papers are encouraged, as well as papers offering public access to new tools or datasets, or experience papers that clearly articulate important lessons.

SINSW promotes the in-depth exploration of the most recent research and development findings in the security field of big data, distributed computing, clouds, blockchain, pervasive computing, mobile computing, Internet of Things, and other network-relevant technologies.

Authors are solicited to contribute to the workshop by submitting articles that illustrate research results, projects, surveying works and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to:

* Cyber network, configuration, cloud, IoT, and wireless communications
* Network intrusion detection and prevention, firewalls, packet filters
* DDoS, Ransomware, and cybersecurity attacks and detection
* Multistage attacks, data security, AI and intrusion detection
* Risk assessment, management, and network monitoring
* Authentication and access Control
* Learning model for attack behavior, prediction, and game theory
* Security and privacy in smart cities, smart and connected health, IoT, and RFID systems
* Deploying machine learning and AI to enhance security and privacy
* Blockchain theory and its applications (smart grid, healthcare, ICS, etc.)
* Deploying machine learning and AI to enhance security and privacy
* Cybersafety and privacy, standardization, compliance, and forensics
* Security information systems architecture and design and security Patterns
* Security and privacy of federated clouds and edge computing
* Security and privacy of contact tracing and other COVID-19 related digital interventions with a core element on telecommunications or networking

### **Submission Guidelines**

Authors can submit two types of papers: short papers (up to 6 pages in length) and full papers (up to 10 pages in length), plus unlimited pages for references. Page limits include diagrams and appendices. Submissions should be formatted according to the formatting instructions in the [General Guidelines](https://owl.purdue.edu/owl/research_and_citation/ieee_style/ieee_general_format.html).

Please submit papers through [easychair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sinsw2021).

Submissions will be double blind: reviewers cannot see author names when conducting reviews, and authors cannot see reviewer names. We use OpenReview to host papers and allow for public discussions that can be seen by all, comments that are posted by reviewers will remain anonymous.

Authors can revise their paper as many times as needed up to the paper submission deadline. Changes to the paper will not be allowed while the paper is being reviewed. During the discussion phase (between area chairs, reviewers and authors), edits will again be allowed; a pdfdiff will be done against the submission at the paper submission deadline.

###  **Important Dates**

**Manuscript Submission Deadline:** May 30, 2021

**First Notification Due:** June 30, 2021

**Revised Manuscript Due:** Augest 15, 2021

**Notification of Acceptance:** September 30, 2021

**Final Papers Due:** 25 October, 2021

**Publication Date:** November, 2021

### **Guest Editors**

Chenghao Li, Sichuan University, China
Shao Li, Sichuan University, China
Xinyan Yang, Sichuan University, China
Hongyu Pan, Sichuan University, China
