---
organizers:
  -
    name: 刘德辉
    id: 2020XXXXXXX071
  -
    name: 杨深文
    id: 2020XXXXXXX064
title: Social Media and Social Network Security
shorttitle: SMSNS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

## Call For Papers  

## SMSNS 2021 
_The 1st Workshop of the Social Media and Social Network Security_    
_SiChuan University(Jiang An), ChengDu, July 1_

[SMSNS]('#'), the Social Media and Social Network Security Group focus on security technology behind social tools,such as public opinion analysis,information encryption, watermarking and so on. Now we invite you to submit your papers to SMSNS 2021 (May 10 – July 1, 2021) in Chengdu, China.

Submissions of any length are welcome,but the paper should be related to empirical methods. Accepted papers will be presented as oral talks or posters. Also, the workshop will also include presentations of selected papers accepted by the [Transactions of the SMSNS]('#').

## Topics

+ Access control and authorization 
+ Authentication 
+ Cloud security
+ Ethics and Fairness in NLP
+ Language Models, Segmentation
+ Machine Learning for NLP
+ Mobile and Web security and privacy
+ Phishing site detection
+ Public opinion monitoring
+ Privacy protection
+ Protocol security  
+ Virtual Asset Protection
+ Web, Social Media and Computational Social Science
+ Watermark technology


## Important Dates 
| Matter | Deadline  |	  
|  ----  | ----  |
| Manuscript Submission Deadline  | Monday	May 10, 2021 |   
| Initial Decision Date  | Friday	May 28, 2021 |
| Revised Manuscript Due  | Monday	June 14, 2021 |
| Final Decision Date  | Friday	June 25, 2021 |
| Final Manuscript Due |  Thursday	July 1, 2021|
| Publication Date |  September , 2021|

**Note: All deadlines are in accordance with Beijing time.**

## Submission Information
SMSNS 2021 welcome both long and short papers and uses a double-blind review process. Each submission will be reviewed by three program committee members. Each Submission should follow the SMSNS 2021 guidelines.

## About The Paper Length
If you choose long papers,then you must describe substantial, original, completed and unpublished work. Wherever appropriate, concrete evaluation and analysis should be included.(At least 8 pages)

As for short paper, submissions also need describe original and unpublished work. And you should have a point that can be made in a few pages(such as 4 pages).

**Formatting Requirements**:  
Manuscripts should conform to the standard format as indicated in the Information for Authors section of the Paper Submission Guidelines. Submissions that do not conform to the required styles will be rejected.

## Presentation Requirement
All accepted papers must be presented at the workshop in order to appear in the proceedings. Accepted papers will be presented orally or as a poster (at the discretion of the program chairs based on the nature rather than the quality of the work). There will be no distinction in the proceedings between papers presented orally or as posters.

**Contact Information**  
Email: 569895747@qq.com

## General Chair
Liu Dehui (SiChuan University)  
Yang Shenwen (SiChuan University) 

## Guest Editors
Tao Li, Sichuan University, China
Yong Fang, Sichuan University, China
Jiayong Liu, Sichuan University, China
Anmin Zhou, Sichuan University, China
