---
organizers:
  -
    name: wangsong
    id: 2020XXXXXX017
  -
    name: chenzitong
    id: 2020XXXXXX008
  -
    name: wengsongwei
    id: 2020XXXXXX029
title: Symposium on Software and Network Security 
shorttitle: SSNS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
---

The Symposium on Software and Network Security is a conference that fosters information exchange among researchers and practitioners of advanced technique about software and network security. The target audience includes those interested in software/network attack detection, defense and vulnerability mining technique. Both pure research and actual system design and implementation are solicited.

Authors are encouraged to write the abstract and introduction of their paper in a way that makes the results accessible and compelling to a general computer-security researcher. All submissions will be reviewed by the Program Committee. Furthermore, permission to freely reproduce all or parts of papers for noncommercial purposes is granted provided that copies bear the Internet Society notice included in the first page of the paper. The authors are therefore free to post the camera-ready versions of their papers on their personal pages and within their institutional repositories. Reproduction for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and requires prior consent.

## Paper Submission Information

For each submission, one of the following decisions will be made:

+ Accept: Papers in this category will be accepted for publication in the proceedings and presentation at the conference.
+ Minor Revision: Papers in this category will be accepted for publication in the proceedings and presentation at the conference, if and only if they undergo a minor revision and the revision is determined satisfactory by their shepherds.
+ Major Revision: Papers in this category are considered promising but need additional work (e.g., new implementations, experiments and/or proofs). Authors may choose to revise and resubmit such papers, with appropriate revisions and within about 45 days after notification. The revision and second-review of “Major Revision” papers will be based on a list of “revision tasks” clearly specified by the original reviewers and conveyed to authors in the notification. A revised paper will be accepted, if it satisfactorily fulfills the revision tasks. A paper may undergo at most one major revision.
+ Reject: Papers in this category are not allowed to be resubmitted.

Authors of accepted papers must ensure that their papers will be presented at the conference.

## Areas/Topics of Interest
Submissions are solicited in, but not limited to, the following areas:

+ Anti-malware techniques: detection, analysis, and prevention
+ Technique of Fuzz
+ Technique of Symbolic Execution
+ Technique of Stain Analysis
+ Technique of any other about vulnerability mining
+ Cyber attack (e.g., APTs, botnets, DDoS) prevention, detection, investigation, and response
+ Software/firmware analysis, customization, and transformation for systems security
+ Reverse technique on optimization and accuracy rate improvement or any other advanced
+ Symposium on code security
+ Security for emerging networks (e.g., home networks, IoT, body-area networks, VANETs)
+ Security and privacy of mobile/smartphone platforms
+ mobile/smartphone platforms vulnerability mining
+ Network protocal security
+ Network protocal vulnerability mining
+ Browser security
+ Browser vulnerability mining
+ Security and privacy for blockchains and cryptocurrencies
+ Security of Web-based applications and services (e.g., social networking, crowd-sourcing)

A special note on “fit” for all submissions: SSNS is primarily a conference focusing on software and network security. As such, any paper about software/network security and vulnerability mining will be solicited, only if it is advanced or innovative.

## Paper Formatting

Papers submitted for SSNS should be written in English. Papers must not exceed 13 pages, excluding references and appendices. Papers must be formatted for A4 size paper in a two-column layout, with columns no more than 9.25 in. high and 3.5 in. wide. The text must be in Times font, 10-point or larger, with 11-point or larger line spacing. Authors can use any templates. Submissions must be in Portable Document Format (.pdf). Authors should pay special attention to unusual fonts, images, and figures that might create problems for reviewers. Documents should render correctly in Adobe Reader when printed in black and white.

## Submissions of Papers

The submission site is https://XX

PC chair contact: XX@scu.edu.cn
