---
organizers:
  -
    name: 郭勇延
    id: 2020xxxxxx031
  -
    name: 刘玉莹
    id: 2020xxxxxx053
  -
    name: 郭文博
    id: 2020xxxxxx025
title: Workshop on AI-Driven Security
shorttitle: WADS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
---

## Introduction

Artificial intelligence is the most dynamic research domain of this last decade, and as such has been increasingly penetrating other research domains, and all sectors of society. AI-driven security solutions have already found applications in next-generation firewalls, automatic intrusion detection systems, encrypted traffic identification, malware detection, and so on. The Workshop on AI-Driven Security (WADS) seeks embryonic, disruptive, and unconventional ideas on AI-driven security that benefit from early, in-depth, and constructive feedback. Submissions typically address current limitations of cybersecurity, discuss problems from an entirely novel angle, leading to new solutions. 


## Topics

Original papers offering novel research contributions on all aspects of AI-driven security are solicited for submission to WADS 2021. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to:

- Intursion Detection
- Malware and Vulnerability Mining
- Attack Detection and Defense
- Privacy Preserving
- Database Security
- Cyber Threat Intelligence
- Cloud Computing Security
- Mobile and Web Security 
- Social Networks Security
- Network and systems security
- Blockchain and Distributed Systems


## Submission Information

- The paper must be an English manuscript, and the paper should have academic or practical value, and have not been published at any academic journals or conferences. The authors of publishing the paper shall submit the full text to conduct peer reviews.
- The paper needs to be composed in accordance with [the template](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html) of the meeting official website, must not be less than 4 pages.
- Submissions must be uploaded to the following WADS website: https://www.ads2021.com


## Important dates

- Title and abstract Submission
28 April 2021
- Full Paper Submission deadline
25 May 2021
- Notification deadline
05 June 2021
- Start of Workshop
10 June 2021
- End of Workshop
11 June 2021
