---
organizers:
  -
    name: 汪邓喆
    id: 2020XXXXXXX026
  -
    name: 王圣凯
    id: 2020XXXXXXX041
  -
    name: 王平
    id: 2020XXXXXXX010
title: Workshop on Cloud Computing
shorttitle: WCC
only-for-homework: false
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

# call for paper

Cloud computing has been popularized in various fields, including medical care, education, government agencies, commercial companies, and so on. Attacks and protection against the cloud have become an important part of network security. This conference focuses on cloud computing security related research. If you are as interested in the security issues of existing frameworks in cloud computing or emerging cloud native technologies as we are, then you are welcome to contribute. 

Topics of interest include (but not limited to) the following areas:

> + 云上隐私安全(Privacy security)
> + 云上数据安全(Data Security)
> + SDN安全(SDN security)
> + 容灾备份(Disaster recovery backup)
> + 虚拟化安全(Virtualization security)
> + 云原生安全(Cloud native security)
> + 自动化安全基线(Automated Security Baseline)
> + 云上自动运维(Automatic operation and maintenance)
> + 基于云的多方协同计算(Cloud-based multi-party collaborative computing)
> + 高可用性以及抗DoS攻击(High availability and anti DoS attack)
> + 云平台异常检测(Cloud platform anomaly detection)
> + 云平台探测及对抗(Cloud detection)
> + 镜像安全(Mirror security)
> + 云迁移安全(Cloud migration security)
> + 云上访问控制(Cloud access control)
> + 租户隔离安全(Tenant isolation security)
> + 云平台运行状态监控(Cloud platform operating status monitoring)
> + 可信云(Trusted cloud)
> + 加密算法和协议(Encryption algorithm and protocol)
> + 容错与高可用(Fault tolerance and high availability)
> + 区块链安全(Blockchain security)
## Manuscript guidelines and submission information
Language: English or Chinese

Paper size : A4

Anonymous Submissions: We implement a double-blind reviewing process. Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. The authors should make a reasonable effort not to reveal their identities of institutional affiliations in the text, figures, photos, links, or other data that is contained in the paper. Authors' prior work should be preferably referred to in the third person; if this is not feasible, the references should be blinded. Submissions that violate these requirements will be rejected without review. The list of authors cannot be changed after the acceptance decision is made unless approved by the Program Chairs.

All submitted manuscripts will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the program committee.

## Submission link:
To be determined 

## Important dates:
To be determined 

## Editorial Board Members
#### Dengzhe Wang
Sichuan University,Chengdu,China
#### Shengkai Wang
Sichuan University,Chengdu,China
#### Ping Wang
Sichuan University,Chengdu,China
