---
organizers:
  -
    name: 曾凡瑞
    id: 2020XXXXXXX027
  -
    name: 沈军
    id: 2020XXXXXXX066
  -
    name: 汪睿
    id: 2020XXXXXXX089
title: Workshop on Data Security and Privacy-Enhanced
shorttitle: WDSPE
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

### Overview

With the development and popularization of Internet technology, more and more individuals use the Internet. People generate massive amounts of data in the process of using the Internet. The sources of these data include personal computers, Internet of Things devices, mobile communication devices and other devices. In fact, many people and organizations are keen to use Internet technology to bring convenience, but they do not pay attention to the security and privacy of the data they generate. In recent years, as data leakage has become more and more common, people have realized the importance of privacy protection, so data security and privacy-enhanced technologies have become new research hotspots.

### Aim & Scope

The purpose of Workshop on Data Security and Privacy-Enhanced is to offer a timely venue for researchers and industry partners in communications and networking domains to present and discuss their latest finding and result in data security and privacy-enhanced related work.

### Topics & Interest

We focus on the security and privacy issues in communications and networking fields from the following perspectives, but are not limited to:

- Security and Privacy in Big Data Environments(e.g., Social Networks, Smart Cities, Medical Systems, Genomics, Cyber-Physical System)
- Secure and Privacy-Preserving Computation and Data Processing(e.g., Differential Privacy, Homomorphic Encryption, Multi-Party Computation, Oblivious RAM, Secure Enclaves,  Zero-Knowledge Proofs, Proxy Re-encryption, Secret Sharing, Garbled RAM, Garbled Circuits)
- Human/System Interaction(eg., Complex System Interfaces, Privacy Policies for Big Data Systems and Technologies)
- Anonymous communication and censorship resistance
- Defining and quantifying privacy
- Security and Privacy of Fog Computing
- Security and Privacy of Blockchain
- Security and Privacy of Federated Clouds and Edge Computing
- Human factors, usability, and user-centered design of privacy technologies
- Information leakage, data correlation, and abstract attacks on privacy
- Interdisciplinary research connecting privacy to economics, law, psychology, etc.
- Machine learning and privacy
- Transparency, robustness, and abuse in privacy systems

### Submission Guidelines

1. We welcome the submission of the following papers:
   - Regular papers (8-10 pages, including references), will be allocated 20 minutes of lecture time and 5 minutes of -question time.
   - For presentation papers (limited to 6 pages, including references), 10 minutes will be allocated for presentation, 10 minutes for presentation/code review, and 5 minutes for questions.
   - Off-the-wall papers (5 pages, including references), 10 minutes will be allocated for lectures and 5 minutes for questions.
2. The submitted content will be treated as a regular document unless the author indicates in the subtitle that the submission is a presentation file or an Off-the-Wall Paper.
3. Please submit your paper through the online submission system (https://www.editorpaperxx.com/submit/) before the deadline, and strictly abide by the paper writing specifications and typesetting requirements.
4. All kinds of falsification and other academic misconduct are strictly prohibited. Violators will be punished heavily.
5. At least two reviewers will conduct double-blind review for the originality, relevance, authenticity, etc. of the paper. All authors must avoid providing information that can identify the author of the paper.
6. The conference proceedings will be published by Springer LNCS.

### Important Dates

Submission deadline: May 25, 2021
Author notice June 10, 2021
Meeting minutes version June 20, 2021
WDSPE seminar July 15, 2021
Publication date August 30, 2021

### Organizer

Sichuan University，School of Cyber Science and Engineering

### Program Chairperson/Seminar Chairperson

Kui Zhao, Sichuan University, China

Yizhou Li, Sichuan University, China

### Program Committee

Jun Shen, Sichuan University, China

Rui Wang, Sichuan University, China

Fanrui Zeng, Sichuan University, China