---
score1: 80
score2: 90
comments: "主题描述不够清楚，没有说明问题本身的重要性和时效性，内容组织比较完善"
organizers:
  -
    name: 陈奕静
    id: 2020226240033
  -
    name: 吴欣玙
    id: 2020226240024
title: Workshop on Multimedia Security
shorttitle: WMS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
---
# Workshop on Multimedia Security

### **INTRODUCTION**
The Workshop on Multimedia Security aims to spread the academic knowledge in the field of multimedia security, such as steganography and steganalysis, digital watermarking, digital forensics and so on, and to provide an academic platform for researchers in this field. The 1th Workshop on Multimedia Security(WMS) will be held at the Sichuan University in Chengdu, China, from June 25 2021. We sincerely invite relevant organizations and personnel engaged in cyber security to participate in the conference, and welcome researchers engaged in the field of multimedia security to contribute. Contributions are limited to English.

### **TOPICS OF INTEREST**
The topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
1. Steganography and steganalysis
2. Theory and model of information hiding
3. Information hiding of unconventional carriers
4. Reversible data hiding
5. Data transmission security
6. Multimedia watermarking
7. Multimedia authentication and encryption
8. Channel coding techniques for watermarking
9. Fake multimedia forensics and anti-forensics
10. Deepfake videos and detection
11. Signal Processing in the Encrypted Domain


### **INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS**
Submissions must be made as a PDF file of less than 10 pages. Your submission can only be written in English. You can get tamplates at http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0. All your submissions will be subjected to double-blind peer review by at least one reviewer so please make sure that author names are not included in the manuscripts. To be included to the proceedings, at least 1 author of each paper should register and present the paper.

### **IMPORTANT DATES**
* **Paper submission deadline:**
		4  June 2021

* **Notification of Acceptance:**
		18 June 2021

* **Submission of Camera-Ready Versions:**
		1  July 2021

### **COMMITTEES**
* **General Chair:**
    *Yi-Jing Chen*(SCU, China)
* **Program Chair:**
    *Xin-Yu Wu*(SCU, China)


### **CONTACTS**

* **Paper Submission:**

   Xin-Yu Wu, 740151576@qq.com
