---
organizers:
  -
    name: 凌翰钦
    id: 2020XXXXXX045
  -
    name: 毛少卿
    id: 2020XXXXXX052

title: Workshop on System Security
shorttitle: WSS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
score1: 80
score2: 80
---

The Workshop on System Security seeks submissions presenting novel contributions related to new real-world system threats identification, system attack detection, defense and vulnerability mining technique. We aim to bring together researchers and practitioners from academia and industry.
Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, correctness, and clarity. Both pure research and actual system design and implementation are solicited. We expect all papers to provide enough detail to enable reproducibility of their experimental results. We encourage authors to make both the tools and data publicly available.

## Paper Submission Information
Submissions must be received before **Wednesday, Apr 28, 2021 12:59 PM  CST(UTC+8) **on the day of the corresponding deadline., through the site https://XX. All the paper which is submitted neither have been published nor submitted to other a journal, conference, or workshop.

For each submission to the review, one of the following decisions will be made:

+ Accept: Papers in this category will be accepted for publication in the proceedings and presentation at the conference.Within one month of acceptance, all accepted papers must submit a camera-ready copy incorporating reviewer feedback.The papers will immediately be published, open access, in the System Security Online Library.
+ Minor Revision: Papers in this category will be accepted for publication in the proceedings and presentation at the conference, after making minor changes with the oversight of a shepherd
+ Major Revision: A limited number of papers will be invited to submited a major revision. such papers will receive a specific set of expectations to be met by that revision.Authors may choose to revise and resubmit such papers to WSS 2021, with appropriate revisions and within about 30 days after notification.The authors should clearly explain in a well-marked appendix how the revisions address the comments of the reviewers. The revised paper will then be re-evaluated, and either accepted or rejected. We will try to assign the same set of reviewers.
+ Reject: Papers in this category are declined for inclusion in the conference.

Authors of accepted papers must ensure that their papers will be presented at the conference.

## Areas/Topics of Interest
Submissions are solicited in, but not limited to, the following areas:

+ Intrusion detection and prevention
+ Vulnerability mitigation mechanism
+ Fuzzing test
+ Vulnerability analysis techniques
+ Static program analysis
+ Reverse engineering
+ Mobile security
+ Web application and system security
+ IoT system security
+ Browser security
+ Kernel security
+ Cloud security


## Paper Formatting

Papers submitted for WSS should be written in English. Papers must not exceed 13 pages, excluding references and appendices. Papers must be formatted for A4 size paper in a two-column layout, with columns no more than 9.25 in. high and 3.5 in. wide. The text must be in Times font, 10-point or larger, with 11-point or larger line spacing. Authors can use any templates. Submissions must be in Portable Document Format (.pdf). Authors should pay special attention to unusual fonts, images, and figures that might create problems for reviewers. Documents should render correctly in Adobe Reader when printed in black and white.

## Submissions of Papers

The submission site is https://XX

PC chair contact: XX@scu.edu.cn
