---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 李馨
      id: 2019XXXXXX111
    - name: 骆子悦
      id: 2019XXXXXX113
    - name: 解思雨
      id: 2019XXXXXX077
title: Cloud Computing and Security
shorttitle: CCAS
accept-chinese-submission: true
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

Cloud computing has emerged as today's most exciting computing paradigm for deploying, managing and offering services by a shared infrastructure, which opens a new door for resolving the conflicts between the explosive growth of digital resource demands and large outlays. Cloud computing can be said to be an upgrade of virtualization technology. By deploying cloud computing systems in data centers, businesses can be migrated without awareness between multiple data centers, and services can be provided to the public at the same time. At this point, data centers become cloud data centers. However, cloud computing also raises many research challenges, such as research management, data security, privacy, trusted computing.

## Topics of interest

This workshop looks for submissions from first-year graduate students or senior
undergraduate students on topics including but not limited to:

- Cloud Computing Architecture and Systems
- Security Policy, Security Theory and Models Based on Big Data
- Trust Model, Data Aggregation and Information Sharing
- Steganography and Steganalysis
- Data Security and Privacy in the IoT
- Digital Watermarking, Fingerprinting and Forensics


# Submission Instructions

The Submitted papers must be original work. A paper with substantial overlap with the submission must neither be already published, nor be currently under review for publication in any other venue. The review process will be double-blinded. The authors must remove their names and affiliations in the submitted document. The submitted paper must be the PDF format. Each paper is limited to 12 pages (or 14 pages with over length charge) but not less than 10 pages including figures and references. Authors can refer to the standard LNCS(Lecture Notes in Computer Science) format to prepare their papers.

## Important Dates

- Submission deadline: June 4, 2021
- Initial notification: June 5, 2021
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: June 18 , 2021
- Publication: As per the policy of journal


# Organizers

- Workshop co-chair(s): Ziyue Luo , Siyu Xie ,  Xin Li

