---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 施逸
      id: 2022XXXXXX073
    - name: 张燕怡
      id: 2022XXXXXX035
    - name: 何旭夏
      id: 2022XXXXXX002
title: Conference on Cloud security,Open source intelligence analysis,and Industrial control security
shorttitle: CCOI
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

Cybersecurity is a crucial area in today's digital age and covers a number of sub-domains. Among these sub-domains, cloud security, industrial control security and intelligence analysis are three areas that have received much attention.

This conference aims to provide a platform to exchange and share the latest research results, technological advances and application cases in these areas. Through this conference, attendees will have the opportunity to learn about the latest technologies and trends in the areas of cloud security, industrial control security and intelligence analysis, and have the opportunity to have in-depth exchanges and discussions with students and teachers who are also working in the related fields, in the hope of further promoting research and development in the related fields.

In addition, the conference hopes to promote communication and cooperation among the fields of cloud security, industrial control security and intelligence analysis, and we are looking forward to the participants' new ideas in the research process.

**Cloud Security**
> This session focuses on Cloud Security topics including, but not limited to:
  - Risk assessment and control of cloud security;
  - The application of big data analytics in cloud security;
- Privacy protection and data security in cloud computing;
- Authentication and access control in cloud computing environments;
- Cloud computing security standards and certification.

**Intelligence Analysis**
> This session focuses on Intelligence Analysis topics including, but not limited to:
- The application of big data analytics to intelligence analysis;
- Social intelligence acquisition and mining techniques;
- Public opinion dynamics;
- Artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques in intelligence analysis.

**Industrial Control Security**
> This session focuses on Industrial Control Security topics including, but not limited to:
- Analysis and defense of industrial control system security vulnerabilities;
- Industrial control system security testing and validation;
- Industrial control system attack detection and response;
- ICS security standards and certification.



# Submission Instructions

The review process will be double-blind. The authors must remove their names and
affiliations in the submitted document.

- **Paper format :** Submitted report drafts should include no less than 4 pages, *excluding* references. There are no page limits on the references. Papers must be formatted according to the [IFW- requirements].Papers must be in PDF format.
- **Ethics and code of conduct :** Submissions must be original and should not have been published previously or be under consideration for publication while being evaluated for this workshop. 

All submitted manuscripts will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the program committee.

## Important Dates

- Submission deadline: June 5, 2023
- Initial notification: June 6, 2023
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: June 18 , 2023
- Publication: As per the policy of journal

# Organizers

- Shi Yi, Sichuan University

- Yanyi Zhang, Sichuan University

- Xuxia He, Sichuan University

**(Only applicable when `only-for-homework` is `false`)**

- Invited talk: Kai Gao
