---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 梁志炜
      id: 2022XXXXXX066
    - name: 周依萍
      id: 2022XXXXXX052
title: Conference on Multimedia and Computer Vision(CMCV) 2023
shorttitle: CMCV2023
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
---

# Call for Paper

Conference on Multimedia and Computer Vision(CMCV) 2023 will be held in Chengdu, China from May 4, 2023. CMCV 2023 will convene leading researchers and practitioners to share the latest developments and advances in the discipline. The conference will showcase high quality oral and poster presentations.  Moreover, CMCV 2023 is sponsored by Sichuan University and hosted by The School of Cyber Science and Engineering of Sichuan University.

Authors are invited to submit full-length high-quality papers in multimedia processing, computer vision and related areas for CMCV 2023. Submitted papers will be refereed on their originality, presentation, empirical results, and quality of evaluation. 

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

- 2D object recognition
- 3D computer vision
- Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning based Multimedia
- Multimedia analysis and understanding
- Multimedia communications, networking and mobility
- Multimedia databases and data mining
- Multimedia quality assessment and metrics
- Multimedia security, privacy and forensics
- Multimedia standards, trends and related research
- Vision + language, vision + other modalities
- Medical, biological and cell microscopy
- Explainable AI, fairness, accountability, privacy, transparency and ethics in vision

## Submission guidelines

- Originality and copyrights：All submissions must be original works and have not been published or recorded in other publications or media. Contributors must obtain prior written authorization from the relevant person if they include any copyrighted material in their manuscript. The authors are solely responsible for the writing, and the opinions expressed by them do not represent the position of this seminar.
- The review process will be double-blind. The authors must remove their names and affiliations in the submitted document.

- Each paper will be reviewed by at least two reviewers.

- Language and format: Manuscripts must be written in English. The submitted paper must be the PDF format. Submitted papers should not exceed 9 pages (references are excluded, but appendices are included). The English format is based on the contributions of IEEE/CVF Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Conference.
- The submitted papers are submitted directly by e-mail, and the e-mail address will be notified later. 

## Important Dates

| Paper submission deadline                  | April 13, 2023 |
| ------------------------------------------ | -------------- |
| Supplementary material submission deadline | April 19, 2023 |
| Reviews released to authors                | April 23, 2023 |
| Announcement of decisions                  | April 29, 2023 |

## Organizers

Yiping Zhou (Sichuan University)
Zhiwei Liang (Sichuan University)
