---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 吴琦瑄
      id: 2022XXXXXX078
    - name: 熊嘉城
      id: 2022XXXXXX031
    - name: 徐绪睿
      id: 2022XXXXXX080
title: Symposium on Cloud Cyber Security and Data Privacy Protection
shorttitle: CSDP
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

## Overview
With the rapid development of Internet technology, the whole society has been forcibly pushed into the era of "big data". Network security has become an important field in today's digital age. "Cloud security" is an important application of "cloud" technology after "cloud computing" and "cloud storage". IT is an extension of the traditional concept of security in the IT field in the era of cloud computing. It has been widely used in anti-virus software and has played a good role. At the same time, how to protect data security and people's privacy has become an important issue in the field of cyber security.
  
The purpose of this conference is to provide a platform to exchange and share the latest research results, technological progress and application cases in these fields. Through this conference, participants will have the opportunity to learn about the latest technologies and trends in the field of cloud cyber security and privacy protection, and have the opportunity to have in-depth exchanges and discussions with students and teachers who are also engaged in related fields, hoping to further promote research and development in related fields. 
## Topics of Interest

**Cloud Cyber Security**
> This session focuses on Cloud Cyber Security topics including, but not limited to:
- Risk assessment and control of cloud security;
- Authentication and access control in cloud computing environments;
- Cloud computing security standards and certification.

**Data Privacy Protection**
> This session focuses on Intelligence Analysis topics including, but not limited to:
- Information system penetration test;
- Software vulnerability mining;
- Traceability tracing; 
- Remote control and detection;
- Big data application;
- Artificial intelligence security vulnerability mining；
- Privacy computing.



# Submission Instructions

The review process will be double-blind. The authors must remove their names and
affiliations in the submitted document.

- **Paper format :** Submitted report drafts should include no less than 4 pages, *excluding* references. There are no page limits on the references. Papers must be in PDF format.
- **Ethics and code of conduct :** Submissions must be original and should not have been published previously or be under consideration for publication while being evaluated for this workshop. 

All submitted manuscripts will be peer-reviewed by at least three members of the program committee.

## Other requirements
Please make sure to include an abstract and keywords in your submitted paper. The abstract should summarize the research question, contribution, and novelty, while the keywords should express the main direction and research methods of the research.

## Important Dates
- Title and abstract submission deadline: May 10, 2023
- Full Paper submission deadline: June 10, 2023
- Initial notification: June 11, 2023
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: June 25 , 2023
- Publication: As per the policy of journal

# Organizers

- Qixuan Wu, Sichuan University
- Jiacheng Xiong, Sichuan University
- Xurui Xu, Sichuan University