---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 王鹏宇
      id: 2019XXXXXX066
    - name: 韩莉君
      id: 2018XXXXXX072
title: Computer Vision Content Security 
shorttitle: CVCS
accept-chinese-submission: true
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

## Abstract

Computer vision content security is a technology field that involves computer vision and security. Its purpose is to protect users from the negative impact of harmful content, and to ensure the authenticity and integrity of content. This technology can be applied to various fields, including online social media, video sharing websites, and digital advertising. The application areas of computer vision content security are very broad. In the field of social media, this technology can be used to protect users from malicious images and videos. In the video sharing website, this technology can be used to automatically detect and filter illegal videos. In the field of digital advertising, this technology can be used to detect and filter fraudulent ads. Although computer vision content security technology has made great progress, there are still some challenges. For example, for some complex content, such as malicious images and videos, the accuracy of recognition still needs to be improved. In addition, as technology develops, malicious users will also adopt more advanced techniques to evade security checks, which requires more complex and advanced security technologies to cope with.

## Topics of Interest

We encourage the submission of high-quality contributions regarding the recent advances in computer vision content security . The primary focus of the conference is on new and original research results in the areas of theoretical findings, design, implementation, and applications. Both theoretical paper and simulation (experimental) results are welcome. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  

- Violent Video Detection
- Deepfake Video Detection
- Fake Image Detection
- Fake Advertisement Detection
- User Privacy Security Detection
- Anomaly Detection
- Video privacy protection
- Porn Video Detection
- Object Tracking
- Activity Recognition

## Submission Instructions:

- Your paper should include sections such as title, abstract, introduction, literature review, methods, results, discussion, conclusion, and references. Please ensure that the structure of your paper is clear and concise, and follows the requirements of academic papers.
- Please ensure that your paper is original, and when citing the views, research findings, or data of other authors, please ensure that you comply with the citation standards.
- The language for the paper is limited to Chinese and English.
- The entire content of the paper should be no less than 5 pages.
- The review strategy for the paper is conducted in a double-blind format.

## Important Dates:

- Paper Submission Deadline: April 27,2023

- Notification Date: June 30,2023

- Workshop Date: July 30,2023

## Organizers:

- Pengyu Wang (Sichuan University)
- Lijun Han (Sichuan University)
