---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 张雨轩
    id: 2022XXXXXX026
  -
    name: 王宏超
    id: 2022XXXXXX075
  -
title: Detection and Defense of Advanced Persistent Threat attack 
shorttitle: D&DAPT
only-for-homework: false
---

# Call For Papers
## D&DAPT 2023

_Full name: Detection and Defense of Advanced Persistent Threat attack_

_Date: April 16-18, 2023_

_Held in: Chengdu, China_

_Hosted-by: Sichuan University_

---

Advanced cyber attacks, such as advanced persistent threat (APT) attacks, have penetrated into many well-defended targets and plagued many well-protected businesses, causing significant financial losses. These attacks usually exploit multiple types of vulnerabilities to infiltrate into the target system in multiple stages, and combine various advanced attack techniques (e.g., 0-day, fileless and living off the land) into different attack steps, making the entire attack more stealthy, posing challenges for effective countermeasures.This special issue aims to bring together researchers and practitioners to present their latest research and ideas in the field of APT attack detection.

We welcome high-quality research papers that cover a wide range of topics related to APT attack detection, including but not limited to:

+ Machine learning and deep learning approaches for APT detection
+ Behavioral analysis for APT detection
+ Lateral Movement Detection
+ Threat intelligence and information sharing for APT defense
+ Malicious Code Analysis and APT Attack Traceability
+ Application of new technologies such as big data and cloud computing in APT attack detection
+ Detection and Prevention of Internal Security Threats in Enterprises

---
### Submission Guidelines

APTDD 2023 welcomes paper submissions. The following aspects should be considered by all authors:  

+ The subject of the paper must be in accordance with Technical scopes.
+ All submissions should be in English. Format your submission according to the requirements of the conference or journal, including font, font size, spacing, citation style, and so on. 
+ Papers must be original and should not have been previously published or currently under review elsewhere.
+ If your submission involves experimental or simulation results, please ensure that these results are accurate and that your methods and techniques are reproducible and verifiable. 
+ Full papers should be no more than 25 pages long, including references and appendices. Short papers should be no more than 6 pages long, including references and appendices.

---
### Important Dates

Paper Submission Deadline: 15 May, 2023

Notification of Acceptance: 20 June, 2023

Final Version Due: June 30,2023

Conference dates: 10-12 October, 2023

---
### Contact Information

Email: D_DAPT_SCU@163.com

---
### Organizing Committee

Wang Hongchao (Sichuan University)

Zhang Yuxuan (Sichuan University)