---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 曹好
    id: 2019XXXXXX084
  -
    name: 何育琳
    id: 2019XXXXXX256
  -
    name: 许晋荣
    id: 2019XXXXXX010
title: Exploiting Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware
shorttitle: EVIoTF
only-for-homework: true
---


## Call For Papers
With the continuous development and progress of computer science and technology, the concept of the Internet of Things is gradually emerging and occupying an important position in various countries. The laying of IoT (Internet of Things) devices is also gradually widespread, such as network cameras, smart cars, smart homes, routers and other terminal devices, which have been widely used. The era of the Internet of Things has arrived. The difference between IoT devices and embedded devices is that in the design and configuration process of embedded devices, the establishment of their own connection to the public internet has never been taken into account. It is precisely because many manufacturing companies have not considered the consequences of device networking, so with the increasing number of networked devices, large-scale exploit against IoT devices has emerged, and led to a number of record large-scale distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks. 

Exploring Vulnerabilities in IoT Firmware (EVIoTF) will focus on firmware vulnerability mining and exploitation techniques, hoping to achieve runtime operations on firmware through analysis of firmware content. We need to roll up our sleeves to discuss how to disassemble firmware, how to use common firmware tools to analyze firmware content and architecture, and how to modify firmware for attacks.

## Topics of Interest

We encourage submission of high-quality contributions regarding the latest progress in IoT firmware vulnerability mining. The topics of interest include but are not limited to the ones listed below.

- Firmware Analysis
- Protocol Analysis
- Hardware modification
- Firmware simulation
- File System Analysis
- Binary file analysis
- Intrusion detection
- Firmware security reinforcement
- Threat Modeling

## Submission Instructions:
- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference. Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new material to be considered for the special issue.
- The charts in the article should be meaningful, clear and clear, the formulas should be complete, and cannot be missing, ensuring the readability of the overall layout.
- Authors of published papers should submit the full paper for peer review
- The paper should be written in accordance with the conference official website template, no less than 8 pages

## Important Dates:
- Title and abstract Submission 26 April 2023
- Full Paper Submission deadline 31 May 2023
- Notification deadline 10 June 2023
- Start of Workshop 08 July 2023
- End of Workshop 10 July 2023

## Organizers:

Workshop co-chair(s): Hao Cao , Yulin He , Jinrong Xu
