---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 梁炜恒
      id: 2022XXXXXX044
    - name: 李一来
      id: 2022XXXXXX064
title: International Seminar on Information Security and Cybersecurity
shorttitle: ISC
accept-chinese-submission: true
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

- Since its inception in 2020, the International Seminar on Information Security and Cybersecurity (ISC) has established itself as a venue where leading researchers and practitioners from academia, industry, and the government are given the opportunity to present novel research in a unique venue to an engaged and lively community.

- The conference is known for the quality and thoroughness of the reviews of the papers submitted, the desire to build a bridge between research carried out in different communities, and the emphasis given on the need for sound experimental methods and measurement to improve the state of the art in cybersecurity.

- This year we are soliciting research papers on topics covering all well-motivated computer security problems. We care about techniques that identify new real-world threats, techniques to prevent them, to detect them, to mitigate them or to assess their prevalence and their consequences. Measurement papers are encouraged, as well as papers offering public access to new tools or datasets, or experience papers that clearly articulate important lessons learned. 


## Topics of interest

Specific topics of interest to ISC include, but are not limited to:

- Computer, network, and cloud computing security
- Malware and unwanted software
- Program analysis and reverse engineering
- Mobile Security
- Web security and privacy
- Vulnerability analysis techniques
- Usable security and privacy
- Intrusion detection and prevention
- Hardware security
- Cyber physical systems security and threats against critical infrastructures
- IoT security
- Statistical and adversarial learning for computer security
- Cyber crime and underground economies
- Denial-of-Service attacks and defenses
- Security measurement studies
- Digital forensics

Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, correctness, and clarity. We expect all papers to provide enough detail to enable reproducibility of their experimental results. We encourage authors to make both the tools and data publicly available.


# Submission Instructions

- **Camera Ready version requirements**

  - E-mail will be used to collect final papers.

  - Title, author, and abstract certification:

  - The final PDF’s title and author information, including author order and affiliation, and the abstract, must exactly match the information entered into the E-mail. 

  - Please embed all fonts and make sure that your final paper PDF is searchable.

- **Papers**

  - Paper submissions should be at most 10 typeset pages, excluding bibliography and well-marked appendices. These appendices may be included to assist reviewers who may have questions that fall outside the stated contribution of the paper on which your work is to be evaluated or to provide details that would only be of interest to a small minority of readers. There is no limit on the length of the bibliography and appendices but reviewers are not required to read any appendices so the paper should be self-contained without them. 

  - Papers should be typeset on A4 pages. If you wish, please make use of Journal of Sichuan University (Natural Science Edition)’s template and style files when preparing your paper for submission. Failure to adhere to the page limit and formatting requirements can be grounds for rejection.

- **Proceedings by ISC**

  - Papers that have been formally reviewed and accepted will be presented at ISC 2023 and published in the Symposium Proceedings. By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it. After last year’s success, we will continue to publish the Proceedings with ISC. The Proceedings will be available online on the opening day of the Symposium under an open access license.ISC also allows authors to retain ownership of the copyright in their works, requesting only that ISC be granted the right to be the first publisher of that work. See the sample consent form for the complete terms of publication.

- **Submission**

  - Reviewing will be double-blind, meaning the authors’ identities will be hidden from the reviewers. All papers must be appropriately anonymized: author names or affiliations must not appear in the submission, you must refer to your own prior work in the third person, you should not give the paper a title that corresponds to a publicly available technical report, and should anonymize the bibliographic section in an appropriate manner, etc. Papers that are not properly anonymized may be rejected without review. While submitted papers must be anonymous, authors may choose to give talks about their work, post a preprint of the paper online, disclose security vulnerabilities to vendors or the public, etc. during the review process.

  - All submissions will be judged on originality, relevance, correctness, and clarity. Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that has already been published elsewhere or submitted in parallel to a journal or to any other conference or workshop with proceedings. Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, and plagiarism constitute dishonesty or fraud. ISC, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits these practices and may, on the recommendation of the program chair, take action against authors who have committed them. 

## Important Dates

- **Paper Submission Deadline:**

     May 24, 2023, 23:59:59, Anywhere on Earth (UTC -12)

- **Notification to Authors:**

     June 7, 2023

- **Camera Ready Submission Deadline:**

     June 14, 2023

- **Conference:**

     June 15 - 22, 2023


# Organizers

- **Organizer**: 

  - Organizing Committee of the International Symposium on Information Security and Cybersecurity

- **Hosts**: 

  - The School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China, 610065
 
  - Chengdu is located in the hinterland of the Western Sichuan Plain and is the capital of Sichuan Province. It is a cultural city with a history of over 2300 years. It has a unique charm of Bashu culture and diverse tourist attractions. Among them, Du Fu Thatched Cottage, Wuhou Temple, Wangjiang Tower, Yongling, Jinsha Ancient Shu Cultural Heritage Site, and others are well-known both domestically and internationally.

- **General Chairs**:

  - Weiheng Liang, Sichuan University, <WeihengLiang@stu.scu.edu.cn>
  - Yilai Li, Sichuan University, <YilaiLi@stu.scu.edu.cn>

