---
layout: cfp

organizers:
  - name: 张强
    id: 2022xxxxxx025
  - name: 王开阳
    id: 2022xxxxxx030
  - name: 徐尧昌
    id: 2022xxxxxx018
  
title: The 1st Conference on Intelligent Systems and Security<br />
shorttitle: ISS<br />
only-for-homework: true
note: wrong author format
---

## Call for Paper

Intelligent systems and security are among the most active and challenging research areas in computer science and engineering. Intelligent systems technology has been widely applied in various fields, such as autonomous driving, smart homes, human-computer interaction, healthcare, finance, etc. However, these applications have also raised a series of security issues, such as privacy breaches, network attacks, data tampering, malware, etc. Therefore, research in the field of intelligent systems and security is of great importance.

The Conference on Intelligent Systems and Security (ISS) will focus on the latest research progress and practical applications in the field of intelligent systems and security, and encourage communication and collaboration between academic research and practical application. The ISS conference welcomes paper submissions and attendance from researchers, developers, security experts, engineers, students, etc. from academia and industry.

The themes of the ISS conference include but are not limited to the following directions:

- Intelligent systems and security architecture
- Security and trustworthiness of artificial intelligence and machine learning
- Security data analysis and data mining
- Security of the Internet of Things and smart homes
- Network security and privacy protection
- Detection and defense of malware and network attacks
- Security verification and formal methods
- Security of human-computer interaction

## Submission Guidelines

**Language:** English or Chinese<br />
**Paper size:**  A4, 5-8 pages<br />
**Paper format:**
+ English paper template: [Conference format in the IEEE style](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html)
+ 中文稿件模板：[四川大学学报工程科学版模板](https://jsuese.scu.edu.cn/jsuese_cn/ch/reader/view_news.aspx?id=20171225053712633)

**Number of Keywords:** Up to five keywords are allowed for each paper<br />
**File format:** Limit the size of a single PDF file to be 6MB

**Submission Requirements:** We implement strict review procedures. The submitted paper must be an original work and have not been published or submitted elsewhere. Any form of plagiarism will not be accepted. All authors' names and institutional information must be accurate and completed in the prescribed format. All institutional information must be accurate and completed in the prescribed format. For multi agency collaborative papers, it is necessary to clarify the contributions and contact information of each agency. All references must be quoted in the prescribed format, with a complete list of references listed at the end of the article. The cited literature must be credible, authoritative, and relevant to the content of the paper. 

If you have any questions or need further information, please feel free to contact the organizing committee.

## Important Dates

- **Submission deadline:**  24 May 2023
- **Notification of Acceptance:** 07 June 2023
- **Publication:** 08 - 22 June 2023

## Contact Information

Submission & consultation: qiang.zhangcs@outlook.com

## Organizers

- **Organizer:** The Intelligent Systems and Security Academic Committee(ISS)
- **Hosts:** Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering
- **Conference Papers Chairs:**
    - Qiang Zhang, Sichuan University, China 
    - Kaiyang Wang, Sichuan University, China
    - Yaochang Xu, Sichuan University, China
