---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 杨成玺
      id: 2022xxxxxx017
      - name: 胡雅婷
      id: 2022xxxxxx020
title: International Workshop on Network Intrusion and Defenses
shorttitle: IWNID
only-for-homework: false
---

# Call for Paper

Rapid developments in network technologies and the amount and scope of data transferred on networks are increasing day by day. Depending on this situation, the density and complexity of cyber threats and attacks are also expanding. The ever-increasing network density makes it difficult for cyber-security professionals to monitor every movement on the network. More frequent and complex cyber-attacks make the detection and identification of intrusions in network events more complex. Therefore, how to quickly and accurately detect attacks and further defend them is an important research direction for securing the network environment.

This time we are soliciting research papers on topics covering all methods about cyber attacks, intrusion and defenses. We care about techniques that identify new network threats, techniques to prevent them, to detect them or to mitigate them. Measurement papers are encouraged, as well as papers offering public access to new tools or datasets, or experience papers that clearly articulate important lessons learned.

Specific topics of interest to IWNID include, but are not limited to:
- Intrusion detection and prevention
- Computer, network, and cloud computing security
- Mobile Security
- Web security and privacy
- Vulnerability analysis techniques
- Cyber physical systems security and threats against critical infrastructures
- IoT security
- Statistical and adversarial learning for computer security
- Denial-of-Service attacks and defenses
- Network measurement studies
- Digital forensics

# Submission Instructions

The review process will be double-blind. The authors must remove their names and affiliations in the submitted document. Furthermore, authors should avoid obvious self-references, and should cite their own previous work in third person, whenever necessary. Papers that are not properly anonymized risk being rejected without review.

Submissions must be original work and may not be under submission to another venue at the time of review. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to physically present the submitted work at the conference, for the paper to be included in the proceedings.

Submissions must be a PDF file in double-column ACM format (see [ACM Proceedings Template](https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template), using the sigconf style, e.g., \documentclass[sigconf, review, anonymous]{acmart}), no more than 8 pages long, excluding the bibliography, well-marked appendices, and supplementary material. Note that authors should not change the font or the margins of the ACM format. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review.

# Important Dates

- Title and abstract Submission 16 May 2023
- Full Paper Submission deadline 25 May 2023
- Notification deadline 25 July 2023
- Start of Workshop 15 August 2023
- End of Workshop 20 August 2023


# Organizers

- Workshop co-chair(s): Chengxi Yang, Yating Hu
- Invited talk: Kai Gao
