---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 刘泽
    ID: 2022xxxxxx069
  -
    name: 曾云龙
    ID: 2022xxxxxx085
title: Language Analysis & Computer
shorttitle: LAC
only-for-homework: True
---




#### Call for Paper

#### Overview

The next LAC symposium will take place in Chenegdu, Sichuan in July 2023. The conference aims to facilitate the knowledge exchange between social scientists and computer scientists who address social, political or economic issues through the analysis of textual data by employing quantitative methods. It also features multi-lingual analysis of textual data to promote the methodology beyond the English language. In this, the symposium will be the first of its kind in Japan. Jonathan Slapin (University of Essex) and Amy Catalinac (New York University) have been confirmed as keynote speakers related to these two themes, respectively.

We strongly encourage scholars who employ quantitative text analysis methods to submit abstracts for presentation at the conference. Both substantive and methodological papers will be accepted for presentation. Substantive papers may be related to any social science or humanities discipline as long as the project is based on a quantitative analysis of textual data. Possible subjects for methodological papers may include text classification, topic modeling, information extraction, sentiment analysis, ideal point estimation, argumentation mining, political reputation analysis, and multilingual comparison.

#### Topics of interest

We encourage the submission of high-quality contributions regarding the recent advances in Natural Language Processing. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the ones listed below.

- Computer language Analysis

- Social Media Monitor

- Emotional Analysis

- Knowledge Base Question Answering

- Knowledge Graph

- Language Modeling

- Machine Translation

- Natural Language Inference

- Web/Text Mining & Big Data


#### Paper Submission Guidelines

- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference.

- All papers will be peer-reviewed by at least three independent reviewers. Requests for additional information should be addressed to the corresponding guest editor.

- We invite submissions of full papers (8 pages), short papers (4 pages), and extended abstracts (2 pages). Page lengths are excluding references and metrics.

- Please send your full paper to the email NLP@scu.edu.cn directly before the deadline.


#### Paper Format

- Submissions must be in PDF format with sample templates. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review.

- [You can click here to download conference templete.](https://www.latextemplates.com/actions/action_download_template?template=journal-article&type=Preview+Template+PDF)

#### Important Dates

- Submission deadline: July 15, 2023
- Initial notification: July 20, 2023
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: July 25 , 2023
- Publication: As per the policy of journal

#### Origanizers

- **Hosts:**  Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering

- **General Chairs:**

Ze Liu, Sichuan University

Yunlong Zeng, Sichuan University