---
organizers:
  -
    name: 唐帅
    id: 2019XXXXXX231
  -
    name: 王春滢
    id: 2019XXXXXX058
    
title: Narrow Forensic Computer Vision
shorttitle: NFCV
only-for-homework: true
---


## Call For Papers
With the continuous development of technology, especially artificial intelligence, deep synthesis and generation has caused great damage to the authenticity of multimedia data, constantly challenging the traditional concept of "seeing is believing". The threat of multimedia data, especially in the visual domain, such as images and videos, to human cognitive security lies in the false, harmful, and biased information it provides. It may bring adverse social impacts in ethical and moral aspects. The research of forensics computer vision is more and more important nowadays.

The Narrow Forensics Computer Vision(NFCV) looks for more advanced and better ideas on forensics computer vision. These ideas can be combined with the current technological development of the computer field, and can also be innovative methods, and the submitted works can solve the limitations of the current forensics computer vision, can achieve better practical results. Discuss problems from new perspectives and lead to new solutions.

## Topics of Interest

We encourage submissions of high-quality contributions on recent advances in forensics computer vision. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the topics listed below.

- Adversarial attacks & defense
- Datasets and evaluation
- Explainable deep learning
- Face anti-spoofing
- Image and video forensics
- Image and video synthesis and generation
- Image augmentation
- Model compression
- Multimodal learning (Vision + X)
- Synthetic Image and video attribution

## Submission Instructions:
- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference. Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new material to be considered for the special issue.
- Papers must be in English, with clear arguments, concise language, and clear illustrations.
- The maximum size of the abstract is 4000 characters.
- Authors of published papers should submit the full paper for peer review
- The paper should be written in accordance with the conference official website template, no less than 6 pages

## Important Dates:
- Title and abstract Submission 30 April 2023
- Full Paper Submission deadline 30 May 2023
- Notification deadline 28 June 2023
- Start of Workshop 15 July 2023
- End of Workshop 30 July 2023

## Organizers:

Workshop co-chair(s): Chunying Wang , Shuai Tang
