---
layout: cfp
organizers:
    - name: 李姝雨
      id: 2022xxxxxx043
    - name: 李鑫
      id: 2022xxxxxx065
    - name: 侯欣悦
      id: 2022xxxxxx019
title: "1st SCU Conference on Anomaly Detection"
shorttitle: SCUAD 2023
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Paper

We invite submissions of papers for the main conference proceedings of SCUAD 2023. All papers will be reviewed in a double-blind process and accepted papers will be presented at the conference. Topics of interest include but not limited to:

- Intrusion detection
- Fraud detection
- Malware Detection
- Medical Anomaly Detection
- Video Surveillance
- Anomaly Detection in TimeSeries
- Log Anomaly Detection
- Deep learning for Anomaly detection in Social Networks
- Internet of things (IoT) Big Data Anomaly Detection
- Industrial Anomalies Detection
# Submission Instructions

- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference. Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new material to be considered for the special issue.
- Papers must be in English, with clear arguments, concise language, and clear illustrations.
- The paper must be written using LaTeX and submitted in PDF format.
- Authors of published papers should submit the full paper for peer review
- The paper should be written in accordance with the conference official website template, no less than 6 pages
- The review process will be double-blind. The authors must remove their names and
  affiliations in the submitted document.


# Organizers
- workshop co-chairs: Shuyu Li, Xinyue Hou,Xin Li

