---
layout: cfp
organizers:
- name: 胡智星
  id: 2022xxxxxx039
- name: 孟泽宣
  id: 2022xxxxxx071
- name: 刘一陶
  id: 2022xxxxxx007
title: "The 1st Sichuan University Conference on Computational Linguistics"
shorttitile: SCUCL 2023
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

# Annoucement and Call for Papers

**The 1st Sichuan University Conference on Computational Linguistics**

**July 5-12, 2023, Chengdu, China**

*Sponsored by Room807*

## Symposium Overview

The First Sichuan University Computational Linguistics Conference (SCUCL) aims to bring together leading academic scientists, researchers and research scholars to exchange and share their experiences and research results on all aspects of computational linguistics.

The conference will provide a premier interdisciplinary platform for researchers, practitioners and educators to present and discuss the most recent innovations, trends, and concerns as well as practical challenges encountered and solutions adopted in the fields of computational linguistics. 

We hope that this conference will provide an opportunity for researchers in this field to share their knowledge and expertise with others, as well as learn about new developments in the field.

## Important Dates

• Refereed paper submissions due: May 20, 2023

• Early reject notification: May 15, 2023 

• Notification to authors: July 4, 2023

• Final paper files due: July 12, 2023

## Symposium Organizers 

Hu Zhixing, Sichuan University

Meng Zexuan, Sichuan University

Liu Yitao, Sichuan University

## Symposium Topics

SCUCL 2023 invites the submission of long and short papers featuring substantial, original, and unpublished research in all aspects of natural language and computation. Relevant topics include, but are not limited to, the following(in alphabetical order):

This symposium will cover the following topics, but not limited to:

- Dialogue and Interactive Systems.
- Discourse and Pragmatics.
- Document classification, topic modeling, information retrieval and cross-lingual retrieval.
- Ethics and NLP.
- Language Modeling.
- Information Extraction, Text Mining, and Knowledge Graph Derivation from Texts.
- CL/NLP and Linguistic Theories, Cognitive Modeling and Psycholinguistics.
- Machine Learning for CL/NLP.
- Speech recognition and synthesis and spoken language understanding.
- Natural Language Generation, Summarization and Simplification.
- Textual Inference and Question Answering.

## Submission Details

The submission details of SCUCL 2023 are as follows:

- Papers must be of original, previously-unpublished work. Papers must be anonymized to support double-blind reviewing. If the paper is available as a preprint, this must be indicated on the submission form but not in the paper itself.
- The SCUCL 2023 invites submissions of up to eight (8) pages maximum, excluding references, for long papers, and four (4) pages, excluding references, for short papers and system demonstrations.
- Long papers must describe substantial, original, completed, and unpublished work. Papers describing experimental results should include an evaluation and its analysis, preferably from the linguistic perspective. Short papers should describe a small focused contribution..
- For submissions, authors must follow the two-column format of *SCUCL conferences using the style files. Submissions will only be accepted in PDF format including appendices, with optional supplementary materials such as software and data. Deviations from the provided templates will result in rejection without review.
- The softconf submission site is available https://www.scu.edu.cn/.
- The detailed information for paper submission and formatting is provided https://www.scu.edu.cn/.

## Contact Information

Email: 2022xxxxxxxxxx@scu.edu.cn

