---
layout: cfp
organizers:
- name: 黄欣怡
  id: 2022xxxxxx004
- name: 时真好
  id: 2022xxxxxx074
- name: 蒋子渝
  id: 2022xxxxxx028
title: "The 1st SCU Symposium on Multimedia Information Security"
shorttitile: SCUMIS 2023 
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

# Call for Papers
## SCUMIS 2023

The 1st SCU Symposium on Multimedia Information Security (SCUMIS 2023) is a premier workshop for researchers working on novel research, development and applications of digital watermarking and forensics techniques for multimedia security. We invite submissions of high-quality original research papers. Each submitted paper will be reviewed by at least 2 reviewers. Two prizes are to be awarded for the best paper and the best student paper, respectively. The proceedings of SCUMIS 2023 will be published on the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) by Springer.

## IMPORTANT DATES

Paper Submission Deadline: 10 April 2023 
Notification of Acceptance: 30 April 2023 
Submission of Camera-Ready Versions: 20 May 2023

## SYMPOSIUM ORGANIZERS

Huang Xinyi, Sichuan University

Shi Zhenhao, Sichuan University

Jiang Ziyu, Sichuan University

## AREAS OF INTEREST

This workshop looks for papers on topics including but not limited to:

- Mathematical modeling of embedding and detection 
- Information theoretic, stochastic aspects of data hiding 
- Security issues, including attacks and counter-attacks 
- Combination of data hiding and cryptography 
- Optimum watermark detection and reliable recovery 
- Estimation of watermark capacity 
- Channel coding techniques for watermarking 
- Large-scale experimental tests and benchmarking 
- New statistical and perceptual models of multimedia content 
- Reversible data hiding 
- Data hiding in special media 
- Data hiding and authentication 
- Steganography and steganalysis 
- Digital multimedia forensics & anti-forensics 
- Copyright protection, DRM, forensic watermarking 
- Visual cryptography & secret image sharing 
- Security based on human vision system


## INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS

The Submitted papers must be original work. A paper with substantial overlap with the submission must neither be already published, nor be currently under review for publication in any other venue. Submissions must be made as a PDF file of no more than 15 pages. Please submit your manuscripts written in English. Templates are available at http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs?SGWID=0-164-6-793341-0. All submissions will be subjected to double-blind peer review by at least 2 reviewers. Author names should not appear in the manuscripts. To be included to the proceedings, at least 1 author of each paper should register and present the paper. 

## CONTACTS 

Huang Xinyi: 2465686086@qq.com


