---
layout: cfp
organizers:
- name: 张志轩
  id: 2022xxxxxx014
- name: 陈杰
  id: 2022xxxxxx038
- name: 张弛
  id: 2022xxxxxx086
title: "The 1st SCU Symposium on Adversarial Attack and Defense"
shorttitile: SCUSAAD 2023
only-for-homework: true 
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

# Call for Papers
## SCUSAAD 2023

The 1st SCU Symposium on Adversarial Attack and Defense (SCUSAAD 2023) is a premier workshop for researchers working on novel research, development and applications of adversarial attack and defense. We invite submissions of high-quality original research papers. Each submitted paper will be reviewed by at least 2 reviewers. Two prizes are to be awarded for the best paper and the best student paper, respectively. 

## IMPORTANT DATES

Paper Submission Deadline: 10 April 2023 
Notification of Acceptance: 30 April 2023 
Submission of Camera-Ready Versions: 20 May 2023

## SYMPOSIUM ORGANIZERS

Zhixuan Zhang, Sichuan University
Jie Chen, Sichuan University
Chi Zhang, Sichuan University

## AREAS OF INTEREST

This workshop looks for papers on topics including but not limited to:

- Adversarial attacks and defenses in deep learning.
- Adversarial examples on image classification models.
- Transferability of adversarial attacks across different deep learning architectures.
- Effective defense mechanism against adversarial attacks in reinforcement learning
- adversarial attacks on graph neural networks
- adversarial robustness of machine learning models using data augmentation techniques
- Analyzing the robustness of generative models against adversarial attacks.
- Adversarial attacks and defenses in natural language processing
- effectiveness of different adversarial training methods
- Security issues, including attacks and counter-attacks
- Security based on human vision system


## INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS

The Submitted papers must be original work. A paper with substantial overlap with the submission must neither be already published, nor be currently under review for publication in any other venue. Submissions must be made as a PDF file of no more than 15 pages. Please submit your manuscripts written in English. Templates are available at https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/arxiv-and-prime-ai-style-template/qdnhqytdqzsc. All submissions will be subjected to double-blind peer review by at least 2 reviewers. Author names should not appear in the manuscripts. To be included to the proceedings, at least 1 author of each paper should register and present the paper. 

## CONTACTS 

Zhixuan Zhang: zhangzhixuan77@gmail.com 
Jie Chen: 791844724@qq.com
Chi Zhang: 1274076134@qq.com



