---
organizers:
  -
    name: 杨铭
    id: 2020XXXXXXX062
  -
    name: 顾守珂
    id: 2020XXXXXXX048
  -
    name: 邱建兵
    id: 2020XXXXXXX046
title: Attacks on Wireless Sensor Networks
shorttitle: AWSN
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
score1: 60
score2: 70
comments: "缺少对会议主题和topics的介绍"
---

# Call for Paper

## Descriptions

The *Attacks on Wireless Senor Network*, a famous professional academic meeting,
is striving to provide the best platform for researchers and scholars worldwide
to exchange their latest findings and results. ***Attacks on Wireless Senor
Network*** is a peer_reviewed meeting (print and online). The meeting
publishes articles,reviews,etc. We receive all kinds of articles that related to
wireless sensor network attacks. And any language is ok. The meeting provides
free and open access to all of its content on our Website. Accepted papers will
immediately appear online followed by the printed in hard copy.

## Peer review Policy

All the research articles in this meeting are subject to strict peer review,
based on the preliminary screening of editors and anonymous review by at least
two anonymous reviewers.

## Editorlal Procedures

All papers considered appropriate for this meeting are reviewed anonymously by
at least two outside reviewers. The review process usually takes two to three
weeks. Papers are accepted for publication subject to no substantive, stylistic
editing. The Editor reserves the right to make any necessarychanges in the
papers, or request the author to do so, or reject the paper submited.A copy of
the edited paper along with the first proofs will be sent to the author for
proofreading.

## Submission of Manuscript

You can submit according to the prompts under the contribution column of our
website(www.awsn.com), or contact us by email(awsn@gmail.com).

## Information for Authors

1. Submission of Manuscript: The manuscript should be original, and has not been
   published previously. Do not submit material that is currently being
   considered by another meeting.

2. Article Processing Charge: We will charge some fee if the paper is published
   in our meeting.
