---
organizers:
  -
    name: 李俊豪
    id: 2020xxxxxx039
  -
    name: 刘鑫哲
    id: 2020xxxxxx003
  -
    name: 周小涵
    id: 2021xxxxxx070
title: Machine Learning Based Malware Detection
shorttitle: MLBMD
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

## Introduction

AI technology has been widely used in cybersecurity research fields, such as anomaly network behavior detection, intrusion detection, public sentiment prediction and so on. The Malware Detection Based on Machine Learning(MLBMD) focus on malware detection on both PC and mobile phone, seeking for solutions not only with high-level detecting metrics, but can be also applied in industry. The submissions can disscus the current limitation in the malware detecting field comprehensively, then point out one specific problem and give the methods in an entirely new angle.


## Topics

Original papers offering novel research contributions on all aspects of malware detection based on machine learning are solicited for submission to MLBMD 2022. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to:

- Malware Analysis
  - Identification of malware behaviors
  - Unsupervised behavior identification
  - Robust static and dynamic code analysis
  - Feature extraction in presence of adversaries
  - Robust signature generation and matching

- Malware Detection
  - Robust malware detection
  - Identification of novel malware families
  - Network-based malware analysis
  - Host-based malware analysis
  - Malware datasets

- Malware Attribution
  - Binary and source-code attribution
  - Adversarial attribution

- Limitations of Malware Analysis
  - Experiments demonstrating the limitations in robustness of existing methods, datasets, defenses





## Submission Guidelines

- The submitted papers should be legal, that is, there should be no bad behaviors such as plagiarism, plagiarism, infringement, etc. If the above bad behaviors are found, this seminar will refuse the inclusion of the paper.
- Submitted papers should not have been published in any academic journals or conferences.
- Papers must be in English, with clear arguments, concise language, and clear illustrations.
- The paper needs to be composed in accordance with [the template](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html) of the meeting official website, must not be less than 4 pages.
- Papers will be judged on novelty, correctness and practicality. There are at least two reviewers who write review comments.
- All papers  must be submitted by the deadline through the <a href=https://workspace.jianguoyun.com/inbox/collect/4bbd6687c11842aab41818838c97d486/submit>website</a>.


## Important dates

- Title and abstract Submission
  20 April 2022

- Full Paper Submission deadline
  25 May 2022

- Notification deadline
  05 June 2022

- Start of Workshop
  18 June 2022

  
