---
organizers:
  -
    name: 蒋方婷
    id: 2020XXXXXXX034
  -
    name: 文雅
    id: 2020XXXXXXX035
  -
    name: 周雨婷
    id: 2020XXXXXXX060
title: MOSM 2021:The First International Workshop on Mining of Online Social Media
shorttitle: MOSM
only-for-homework: false
accept-chinese-submission: true
score1: 100
score2: 90
comments: "主题描述清楚，topics与主题关系紧密，内容组织比较完善"
---

## Overview

In decades past, the rapid development in the field of internet technology has
brought the bloom of online social media. The Internet‘s first generation(Web
1.0) consisted of static pages instead of dynamic HTML. The second
generation(Web 2.0) encouraged people to share information and interact with
each other by posting and retweeting user-generated contents in virtual
communities. The rapid development of Web 2.0 brought the bloom of online social
media and allowed many new social networking sites to flourish such as Facebook,
Twitter, Sina Weibo and others. Online social media replace traditional media as
an established trend.

Online social networks which provide a wealth of raw data invaluable to
researchers are with these characteristics, large user scale, rapid information
dissemination and wide range of influence. The large user scale of social
network provides a wealth of raw data invaluable to researchers. It also
presents a challenge to researchers to analyze the nosiy data collected from
such networks.

The objective of this workshop is to provide general guidelines on the current
and future trends in online social network technologies as well. Our task is to
discuss how to analyze the digital traces left behind by a person’s online
activities and what conclusions can be made based on this analysis. MOSM aims to
demonstrate recent advances and address existing challenges in social media,
artificial intelligence, natural language and multimedia processing
technologies. MOSM provides great opportunities for participants to share,
interact and learn from each other, and thus inspires cross-field social
networks research.

## Topics of Interest

- Social network analysis (SNA)
- Data Mining for Social Networks, Multimedia and Natural Language Processing
- Online Social Networks Mining and Big Data Analytics
- Security in Online Social Networks （including Web，Re，Misc）
- Measurement, analysis, and modeling of networked users’ behavior through OSNs data
- Social networks visualization and large scale data representation
- Named Entity Recognition and Keyword extraction
- Speech recognition, synthesis, and speaker identification.
- Sentiment analysis and classification.
- Event extraction and semantic role labeling.
- Information extraction and search in Social Media
- Anomaly detection in Online Social Networks evolution
- Social network data analysis tools and services on the Cloud
- Trust, reputation, and privacy in OSNs;
- Dynamics of trends, information and opinion diffusion in OSNs
- Complex-network analysis of OSNs;
- Location-based OSN and other geographical aspects of OSN

## Important Dates

**Submission Deadline**: June 4,2021

**Notification Due***: June 18,2021

## Paper Submission

Authors are invited to submit papers through the Submission System
by **June 4, 2021**. Submissions must be original and should not have been
published previously or be under consideration for publication while being
evaluated for this conference.
