---
score1: 90
score2: 90
comments: "主题描述清楚，内容组织完善"
organizers:
  -
    name: 黄朝熠
    id: 2020XXXXXXX086
  -
    name: 赵志英
    id: 2020XXXXXXX087
  -
    name: 林春
    id: 2020XXXXXXX016
title: Workshop on Detection of Intrusions & Vulnerability Assessment
shorttitle: WDIVA
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
---

## The 1th Workshop on Detection of Intrusions & Vulnerability Assessment

---

With the development of the Internet era, attacks such as internal threats, zero-day vulnerabilities and DoS attacks are increasing, and network security is becoming more and more important. Intrusion detection and vulnerability assessment are important part of network security and research in these areas is expected to play an increasing role in defensive and offensive measures to provide a rapid response to react to the landscape of evolving threats. The Workshop on Detection of Intrusions & Vulnerability Assessment (WDIVA) solicits submissions of high-quality, original scientific papers presenting novel research on intrusion detection, vulnerability assessment, and related security topics.

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

**Intrusions**

- Novel approaches and domains
- Insider detection
- Prevention and response
- Data leakage, exfiltration, and poisoning
- Result correlation and cooperation
- Evasion and other attacks
- Potentials and limitation
- Operational experiences
- Privacy, legal, and social aspects
- Targeted attacks

**Vulnerability detection**

- Vulnerability prevention
- Vulnerability analysis
- Exploitation and defenses
- Hardware vulnerabilities
- Program security analysis
- Active probing


Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, correctness, and clarity. We expect all papers to provide enough detail to enable reproducibility of the experimental results. We encourage papers that bridge research in different communities. We also welcome experience papers that clearly articulate lessons learnt.

### Paper Categories
Full Paper: presenting novel and mature research results. Full papers are limited to 20 pages in double-column [ACM CCS format](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/sample-acm-ccs/hqrzvbjgvfvz), including bibliography and appendices.

Short Paper: presenting original, still ongoing work that has not yet reached the maturity required for a full paper. Short papers are limited to 10 pages in double-column [ACM CCS format](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/sample-acm-ccs/hqrzvbjgvfvz), including bibliography and appendices.


Papers that do not follow the above formatting guidelines may be rejected without review.

### Important Dates
- Submission Deadline: 31 May 2021
- Acceptance Notification: 10 June 2021
- Presentation at Conference: 15-18 June 2021
