---
organizers:
  -
    name: 何子恒
    id: 2020xxxxxx058
  -
    name: 罗海入
    id: 2020xxxxxx004
  -
    name: 钟远鑫
    id: 2020xxxxxx009
title: Workshop on Network Infrasture and System Security
shorttitle: WNISS
only-for-homework: false
accept-chinese-submission: true
final: true
---

## Call for paper
Recent developments in the field of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) have paved the way for smart digitalization everywhere. Critical network infrastures, ranging from hospitals to electricity grids, banking systems to water purification plants, thermal powerhouses to defense deterrence systems, are all connected online today. While this connectivity is undoubtedly improving all these services it is also posing complex security threats. These threats can have devastating effects on the services and their customers due to the sensitivity of the information carried over these cyber-physical systems. Recent cyberattacks on Network infrasture have increased exponentially, thereby disrupting crucial operations, infringing sensitive business and personal information, and inflicting high costs on society. The severity, complexity, and frequency of cyberattacks on critical network infrasture are expected to increase further at a much faster pace in the near future. The reasons behind such an increasing number of cyberattacks are twofold. First, the underlying computing systems of critical infrasture operate under dynamic environments where huge volumes of data are generated at high speed. In such scenarios, it is impossible to identify, detect, analyze, and defend against cyber threats in real-time. The conventional security solutions to critical infrasture including Intrusion Detection System (IDS), Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) and access control mechanisms do not possess the capability to detect, prevent, and defend from the Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs) and novel zero-day attacks. Second, extracting insights from such huge and complex datasets for correct and timely decision-making have gone beyond human capabilities.

In this context, there is a pressing need to better understand the interplay between the latest advances in the domain of machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, game theory, data science, and the area of network infrasture security. This interplay is bound to create opportunities for research and innovation. The use of analytical tools based on machine learning, data mining, reinforcement learning and big data leads to timely detection and rapid reaction and response to cyberattacks through real-time analysis. Such a blend of technologies will significantly increase the degree of robustness and accuracy in protecting network infrasture systems.

This Feature Topic (FT) aims to explore novel and smart mechanisms to improve the detection and prevention of zero-day attacks, APTs, sophisticated malware variants and targeted cyberattacks for core underlying technologies used in network infrasture and cyber systems. This forum brings together practitioners and researchers from all over the world to share their original contributions in the domain of Cybersecurity solutions for supervisory control and data acquisition systems. Prospective authors are invited to submit original and high-quality papers in any of the topics of interest which include, but are not limited to, the following:

- Vulnerability mining and assessment
- Malware detection
- Machine learning for proactive defense
- Big data analytics for cyber system security
- Preventing and defending against cyber attacks
- Intrusion detection in network infrasture
- Mobile device security

## Important Date

Submission Deadline: 23:59:59 UTC+8,25th June 2021
Final Decision Date: 12th July 2021
Workshop time: 19th July 2021
Publication Date: January 2022

##Paper Formatting

All submissions must obey the following formatting requirements.

- Paper bodies (all content before references and appendices) must be about 3 or 4 single-spaced pages, including figures and tables, followed by as many pages as necessary for references and optional appendices. Papers whose pre-reference content is longer than 4 pages or shorter than 3 pages will not be reviewed.

- We accept both Chinese and English papers.If you choose English,you should make sure that your paper format should meet the requirement of [IEEE Transactions on Networking](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html).If you choose Chinese,make sure that you should meet the requirement of [Journal of Sichuan University(Natural Science Edition)](http://science.ijournals.cn/uploadfile/news_images/jsunature_cn/2020-12-16/mode.pdf).

- Reviewers are not required to read any appendices or consider them in their review. Authors should thus ensure that the core paper is complete and self-contained. For example, if the appendix provides details of a proof or experiment, the body should summarize the key result.

- The paper body must include some statement about ethical considerations. This could be simply the sentence “This work does not raise any ethical issues”, or where relevant (for example, but not exclusively, a paper involving human subjects), the discussion may be more detailed.

Please make sure that your submitted paper satisfies the following:

- You must provide an abstract, and it should be of no more than 200 words.

- You must number the pages.

- You must submit papers in PDF (Portable Document Format) and ensure that they are compatible with Adobe Acrobat (English version). Other formats, including Postscript, will not be accepted. Avoid using non-standard fonts. The PC must be able to display and print your submission exactly as we receive it using only standard tools and printers, so we strongly suggest that you use only standard fonts that are embedded in the PDF file.


##Paper Anonymity
Because we don't have enough time,so we take single-blind way to review papers.Make sure you should write your information including name,student ID and mailbox in detail.

##Ethics Considerations
All papers must include, in the main body of the paper, a statement about ethical issues; **papers that don’t include such a statement may be rejected**. This could be, if appropriate for the paper, simply the sentence “This work does not raise any ethical issues.” If the work involves human subjects or potentially sensitive data (e.g., user traffic or social network information, evaluation of censorship, etc.), the paper should clearly discuss these issues, perhaps in a separate subsection.

Papers must follow basic precepts of ethical research and subscribe to community norms. These include respect for privacy, secure storage of sensitive data, voluntary and informed consent if human subjects are involved or other people are placed at risk, avoiding deceptive practices when not essential, beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing potential harm to an individual), and risk mitigation.

The PC takes a broad view of what constitutes an ethical concern, and the PC chairs may reach out to authors during the review process if questions arise.

## Guest Editors

Ziheng He
Sichuan University, Chengdu, China

Hairu Luo
Sichuan University, Chengdu, China

Yuanxin Zhong
Sichuan University, Chengdu, China
