---
score1: 80
score2: 90
comments: "主题描述不够清楚，没有说明问题本身的重要性和时效性，内容组织比较完善"
organizers:
  -
    name: 周慧雨
    id: 2020xxxxxx088
  -
    name: 梁根培
    id: 2020xxxxxx069
  -
    name: 杜予同
    id: 2020xxxxxx069
title: Workshop on Network and System Security
shorttitle: WNSS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

## WNSS 2021 call for papers

 WNSS is a venuevenue that fosters information exchange among researchers and practitioners of computer, network and distributed system security. It brings  together network security researchers, practitioners, system  administrators, system programmers and others who are interested in the  latest development of computer system and network security and privacy. The first WNSS Symposium will be held in Chengdu from November 5 to 7, 2021.

 One of the main objectives of the conference is to encourage and enable the Internet community to apply, deploy and improve the state of practical  security technologies. All researchers are encouraged to submit papers on novel and scientific practical works on computer security. All submissions will be reviewed by the Planning Committee and accepted submissions will be published by the Internet society in the in the Proceedings of WNSS 2021.

### Symposium Topics

Particular topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

* Anti-malware techniques: detection, analysis, and prevention
* Cyber-crime defense and forensics (e.g., anti-phishing, anti-blackmailing, anti-fraud techniques)
* Implementation, deployment and management of network security policies
* Integrating security in network protocols (e.g., routing, naming, and management)
* Cyber attack (e.g., APTs, botnets, DDoS) prevention, detection, investigation, and response
* Software/firmware analysis, customization, and transformation for systems security
* Intrusion and anomaly detection and prevention
* Network infrastructure security
* Denial-of-service attacks and countermeasures
* Wireless security
* Operating systems security
* Web security
* Mobile systems security
* Cloud computing security
* Analysis of deployed cryptography and cryptographic protocols
* Cryptographic implementation analysis
* Secure computer architectures
* Embedded systems security
* Methods for detection of malicious or counterfeit hardware
* Side channels
* Malware analysis
* Analysis of network and security protocols
* Attacks with novel insights, techniques, or results
* Forensics and diagnostics for security
* Automated security analysis of hardware designs and implementation
* Automated security analysis of source code and binaries
* Machine learning in a secure systems context
* Program analysis

This topic list is not meant to be exhaustive; WNSS is interested in all aspects of computing systems security and privacy. Papers without a clear application to security or privacy of computing systems, however, will be considered out of scope and may be rejected without full review.

### Important Dates

**Manuscript Submission:** 1 May 2021

**First Decision Notification:** 1 June 2021

**Revised Manuscript Due:** 1 July 2021

**Final Decision Notification:** 1 August 2021

**Final Manuscript Due:** 1 September 2021

**Publication Date:** October 2021

### Page Limit and Formatting

Technical papers submitted for WNSS should be written in English.Papers must not exceed 13 pages of text (excluding references) but may run up to 20 pages in total, including the references (mandatory) and appendices (optional). Reviewers are explicitly not expected to read the appendices while deciding whether to accept or reject the paper.

Papers must be typeset in LaTeX in A4 format using the WNSS conference proceeding template . We suggest you first compile the supplied LaTeX source as is, checking that you obtain the same PDF as the one supplied, and then write your paper into the LaTeX template, replacing the boilerplate text. Submissions must be in Portable Document Format (.pdf).

### Unacceptable Submissions

All submissions must be original work. Plagiarism (whether of others or self) will be grounds for rejection. Technical papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal or a conference/workshop with proceedings. Double-submission will result in immediate rejection. The Program Committee may share information with other conference chairs and journal editors so as to detect such cases.Simultaneous submission of the same paper to another venue with proceedings or a journal is not allowed and will be grounds for automatic rejection.

### Submission

Papers must be submitted at https://github.com/scu-scse-homework/cfp and may be updated at any time until the submission deadline expires.
