---
score1: 90
score2: 80
comments: "主题描述清楚，内容组织不够完善"
organizers:
  -
    name: 冯松
    id: 2020XXXXXXX055
  -
    name: 方怡萱
    id: 2020XXXXXXX010
title: Workshop on Social Network Research
shorttitle: WSNR
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

##  **Scope and Motivation**

​		Social networks, which target the development of social relations among people with common interest through web-based services, have contributed a large portion of Internet traffic nowadays and become dominant forms of social interaction on the Internet.

​		Due to its increasing prevalence and interdisciplinary nature, social networks have also attracted research attentions to a number of related technical areas, including cloud computing, big data analytics, data mining, information security and privacy protection.

​		This workshop aims to provide a forum for researchers from academia to present their cutting-edge innovations in all aspects of the field.

## **Topics of Interest**

* Artificial Intelligence for social networks and applications.
* Social networks applications and services to mobile Internet, multimedia networks, mobilecommerce, cyber-physical systems, and their potential social, economic, and cultural impacts.
* Knowledge discovery with big mobile data analytics and information dissemination and propagation in social networks.
* Social network modeling, analysis, measurements, and experiments using big data for a better understanding of social network influence, reputation, recommendation, and community structure.
* Numerical and analytical techniques as a foundation to enable social networks of massive networked (big) data.
* Trusted networking, privacy and security, user behaviors and dynamics, and digital right management for big data from social networks.
* Social networks influence on (wireless) communications systems and networks and subsequent new design paradigm of future (wireless) network communications.
* Data mining and application based on multiple social networks.
* Detection of social robots.
* The penetration of social networks

## **Important Dates**

**Paper Submission:** 1 May 2021

**Notification:** 28 June 2021

**Camera Ready and Registration:** 28 July 2021
