---
organizers:
  -
    name: 马欣蕾
    id: 2021XXXXXX009
  -
    name: 方文波
    id: 2021XXXXXX012
    
title: The application of bionics in various aspects of cyberspace security
shorttitle: ABCS
only-for-homework: true
---


## Call For Papers
With the continuous expansion and rapid development of the Internet, the network environment has become more and more complex, and the risks are also increasing. Therefore, network security has become a very important issue. Defects in the network may lead to network attacks and affect the privacy of users. In order to ensure network information security, network security technologies such as data encryption and network intrusion detection have received extensive attention. As an emerging technology to simulate biological population and individual behavior, bionic algorithm relies on its strong adaptability, diversity, learning, recognition and memory characteristics, which has received great research and attention, and has shown its unique advantages in the field of information security.

The Bionic-Driven Safety Symposium (WBDS) seeks budding, disruptive and unconventional ideas for biomimetic-driven safety. These ideas can be inspired by aspects such as biological activities and social behaviors of living things, and submissions often address the limitations of current cybersecurity, discuss problems from fresh perspectives, and lead to new solutions.

## Topics of interest
We encourage submissions of high-quality contributions on recent advances in artificial immunity, biomimicry, and defense. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the topics listed below.
- Intrusion detection
- Attack detection and defense
- Privacy protection
- Data encryption
- Optimization
- Network and system security
- Immunization technology
- Crowd intelligence

## Submission Guidelines:
- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference. Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new material to be considered for the special issue.
- Authors of published papers should submit the full paper for peer review
- The paper should be written in accordance with the conference official website template, no less than 4 pages

## Important Dates:
- Title and abstract Submission 28 April 2022
- Full Paper Submission deadline 25 May 2022
- Notification deadline 05 June 2022
- Start of Workshop 10 June 2022
- End of Workshop 11 June 2022
