---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 孙英杰
    ID: 2021XXXXXX081
  -
    name: 程韵嘉
    ID: 2021XXXXXX082
title: Conference on Natural Language Processing
shorttitle: CNLP
only-for-homework: True
---




#### Call for Paper

#### Overview

As an important direction in the field of computer science and artificial intelligence, Natural Language Processing (NLP) research can realize various theories and methods for effective communication between humans and computers using natural language. Deep learning is being increasingly used for NLP applications in academia and industry. Today, NLP technologies are among the most active research and development areas due to rapid advancement of the Internet as well as the worldwide proliferation of mobile devices and social media.Therefore,designing expressive yet tractable models and studying efficient learning and inference algorithms become important issues.

CNLP will focus on Natural Language Analysis and Understanding in Big Data including Text Mining, Knowledge Graph, Information Extraction, Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Chatbot, NLP for Social Networks, as well as the Applications of Language Computing. We would like to cordially invite you to participate in this special issue by submitting your current research results within a research article or a short communication. Review articles are also considered provided that the topic of the review is discussed in advance.

#### Topics of interest

We encourage the submission of high-quality contributions regarding the recent advances in Natural Language Processing. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to the ones listed below.

- Automatic Speech Recognition

- Chatbot & User Interaction

- Deeping Learning for Strucrured Prediction

- Emotional Analysis

- Information Retrieval & Extraction

- Knowledge Base Question Answering

- Knowledge Graph

- Language Modeling

- Machine Translation

- Natural Language Inference

- Part-Of-Speech Tagging

- Semantic Textual Similarity

- Sentiment Analysis

- Syntactic Analysis

- Word Sense Disambiguation

- Web/Text Mining & Big Data


#### Paper Submission Guidelines

- Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference.

- All papers will be peer-reviewed by at least three independent reviewers. Requests for additional information should be addressed to the corresponding guest editor.

- We invite submissions of full papers (8 pages), short papers (4 pages), and extended abstracts (2 pages). Page lengths are excluding references and metrics.

- Please send your full paper to the email NLP@scu.edu.cn directly before the deadline.


#### Paper Format

- Submissions must be in PDF format with sample templates. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review.

- [You can click here to download conference templete.](https://www.latextemplates.com/actions/action_download_template?template=journal-article&type=Preview+Template+PDF)

#### Important Dates

- Submission deadline: July 15, 2022
- Initial notification: July 20, 2022
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: July 25 , 2022
- Publication: As per the policy of journal

#### Origanizers

- **Hosts:**  Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering

- **General Chairs:**

Yingjie Sun, Sichuan University

Yunjia Cheng, Sichuan University
