---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 周方正
    id: 2021XXXXXX007
  -
    name: 杨振
    id: 2021XXXXXX057
  -
    name: 王子岩
    id: 2021XXXXXX072
title: Conference on Intrusion Detection and Vulnerability Assessment of Sichuan University
shorttitle: IDVASCU
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call for Papers
<!-- 基本信息： 地点、时间-->
## ***Conference on Intrusion Detection and Vulnerability Assessment of Sichuan University 2022***
### **Jiang'an Campus, Sichuan University, Chengdu - July 28, 2022**

<br>

## General Information
<!-- 会议描述 -->
Conference on Intrusion Detection and Vulnerability Assessment of Sichuan University is a venue that fosters information exchange among researchers and practitioners of computer, intrusion detection and vulnerability security. The target audience includes those interested in practical aspects of Intrusion system vulnerability and security, with a focus on actual system design and implementation. A major goal is to encourage and enable the Internet community to apply, deploy, and advance the state of practical security technologies.

<br>

## Paper Submission
<!-- 论文格式要求 -->
All authors are required to make use of the available <b>Microsoft Word Template</b> which incorporates all the recommended formatting guidelines.

All manuscripts shall have minimum of <b>5 to maximum of 10 pages</b> (including references and appendix). The paper length can be exceeded for outstanding contributions. 

Your paper submission should be anonymous to realize double blind review, and any papers that violate the anonymization rule will be rejected. Please <b>remove</b> author names and affiliation as well as avoid mentioning the name of grants, or funding institution in any sections of the paper. 

<br>

## Areas & Topics of Interest
<!-- 会议关注的具体方向 -->
IDVASCU solicits submissions of **high-quality**, **original scientific** papers presenting novel research on **intrusion detection**, **vulnerability assessment**, and related systems security topics. The specific topics of our particular interest include, but are not limited to:

### Intrusion Detection

- Novel approches and domains
- The design of realtime intrusion detection
- Prevent and response to intrusions
- Privacy, legal and socical impact of intrusions to the information system

### Vulnerability Assessment

- Vulnerability analyses
- Vulnerability exploitation and defences
- Hardware vulnerability
- Vulnerability quantitative evaluation

<br>

## Important Dates
<!-- 投稿时间等相关信息 -->
- **May 15, 2022: Paper submission deadline**
- May 18, 2022: Early reject notification
- May 20 to Jun 3, 2022:  Author rebuttal
- Jun 10, 2022: Resubmission of revised papers
- Jun 15, 2022: Decision on accepted papers
- Jun 22, 2022: Camera-ready deadline