---
organizers:
  -
    name: 刘育
    id: 2018XXXXXX041
  -
    name: 胡明智
    id: 2018XXXXXX012
title: SCU Workshop on Information Hiding and Multimedia Security
shorttitle: IHMS
only-for-homework: False
accept-chinese-submission: True
score1:
score2:
comments:
final: true
---

## Introduction

For more than 20 years, the field of information hiding and multimedia security
has combined multidisciplinary advances and accumulated a rich body of
knowledge. In view of the current mainstream multimedia security and information
hiding typical research direction, information hiding analysis, digital
watermarking, multimedia content forensics and multimedia content privacy, etc.,
have attracted extensive attention. With the rapid development of social
network, online media, mobile Internet and Internet of Things, multimedia
security and information hiding have posed greater challenges. This workshop
aims to showcase and discuss the application of various latest technologies in
the field of information hiding and multimedia security and to address existing
challenges.

## Call For Papers

We invite you to submit the papers of **IHMS2022** main conference. All papers
will be reviewed by double-blind method and peer review method, and the approved
papers will be submitted at the conference. Topics of interest include but not
limited to:

+ Forensics and counterforensics
+ Steganography and steganalysis
+ Watermarking and fingerprinting
+ Anonymity and privacy
+ Copyright protection
+ Digital rights management
+ Data hiding and cryptography
+ Forensic watermarking
+ Image coding and compression
+ Video signal processing
+ Signal and image processing
+ Statistical modelling
+ DNN watermarking
+ Deep learning security and privacy
+ Secure signal processing
+ Obfuscation and privacy-preserving systems
+ Multimedia intelligence
+ Image/Video/Voice/Audio processing
+ Multimedia systems and applications based on Internet of Things (IoT)
+ Multimedia big data analysis
+ Multimedia systems and emerging applications
+ Multimedia and artificial intelligence
+ Multimedia security and content protection
+ Biometrics and deep fake analytics

## Paper Submission Guidelines

### Review Policy

All papers will be reviewed by double-blind process and peer review process. And
all submissions must represent **new and original** work. Published papers are
not allowed to participate in this conference. The specific review process is as
follows:

##### Double-Blind Review

All papers submitted must be anonymous. IHMS2022 follows the principle of
double-blind review. Absolutely, the authors do not know who is commenting on
their paper, and jury members do not know who is the author of the submitted
paper. Therefore, the submitted papers do not include author information,
citations or discussions on relevant works, so as to make the identity of the
author obvious.

##### Peer Review Policy

Each paper should be reviewed by at least two reviewers. Sometimes, a specific
manuscript which have big differences about the review opinions will be reviewed
by new additional reviewers who invited by the editorial department. To make
high-quality, timely, fair and meaningful reviews, the peer reviewers are
selected based their professional knowledge and ability.

In addition, peer review should also follow the above dual-blind principle. Peer
reviewers can not let out the contents of the manuscripts to anyone. Without the
permission of the editors, they must keep the contents of the manuscripts
confidential.

### Paper Formatting Requirements

+  All papers submitted which can be written in Chinese or English  must be referred in **PDF** format.
+  All papers submitted shall be named as "paper title + author's name".
+  All submission documents shall be written in A4 paper format, and the full text shall **be limited to 15 pages**.
+  All English documents submitted must use 12 point font, single space, Times New Roman or similar font, A4 size paper, and numbered pages.
+  All Chinese documents submitted must use small four point font, single space, Song font, A4 size paper, and numbered pages.


### Publication and Presentation

After all the submitted papers are reviewed by the review department, the
accepted papers will be published in the conference proceedings, which is
authorized and certified by the school of Cyberspace Security of Sichuan
University. The chairmen of all departments and committee members of the
conference will select excellent papers from the accepted papers and publish
them in the *IHMS2022 special edition of the school of Cyberspace Security of
Sichuan University*.

### Submission Site

Please submit your paper to email on time **2206042466@qq.com**.

**Welcome to contribute!**

## Important Dates

| Matter | Deadline  |
|  ----  | ----  |
| Paper Submission Start Date	 | Sunday May 1, 2022  |
| Paper Submission Deadline  | Tuesday	May 24, 2022 |
| Publication of Review Results  | Wednesday	June 1, 2022 |
| Excellent Paper Display |  Friday	June 3, 2022|

**Note: All deadlines are in accordance with Beijing time (BKG -7h).**

## Contact Information

If you have any questions about this submission, you can contact us through the
following email.

##### Email:

2206042466@qq.com

924736213@qq.com
