---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 王衡
    id: 2021xxxxxx037
  -
    name: 张静涵
    id: 2021xxxxxx045
  -
    name: 严梓菡
    id: 2021xxxxxx060
title: The Workshop of Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IHMS)
shorttitle: IHMS
only-for-homework: true
---

## **Call for Papers**

### Overview

For more than 20 years, the fields of **Information Hiding and Multimedia Security** have blended advances of multiple disciplines, accumulating a substantial body of knowledge. This workshop has established a reputation as one of the premier outlets for research in these and related areas. Continuing this tradition, the workshop's 2022 edition solicits novel papers documenting research or industrial practice. The workshop will be held at the school of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University.

Submitted papers should address **security and privacy aspects in relation to multimedia host signals** in a broad sense (images, audios, videos, texts, QR code, web page, etc.):

- Forensics and counterforensics
- Steganography and steganalysis
- Watermarking and fingerprinting
- Anonymity and privacy
- Biometrics and deep fake analytics
- Encryption and decryption

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the use or advances of the following **methods**:

- Information, coding, and complexity theory
- Game and decision theory
- Statistical modelling
- Machine learning and deep learning
- Adversarial machine learning
- DNN watermarking
- Deep learning security
- Secure Signal Processing
- Obfuscation and Privacy-preserving systems



### Submission Guidelines

Each research paper should be a validated contribution covering one or more of four styles of papers methodological, technology, applications, or systems. Papers are welcome that provide contributions in more than one of these areas. Authors should select a primary designation for submissions:

- **Attendance responsibilities:** The authors agree that if the paper is accepted, at least one of the authors will register for the conference and present the paper there. We welcome paper submissions between 4 and 8 pages, NOT including references. Note that there are no distinct categories for short papers or technotes. The contribution of the paper will be weighed against its length during review. All submissions will receive at least three reviews by experts in the field to ensure quality of accepted submissions.

- **Review Process:** By submitting a paper to our conference, the authors agree to the review process and understand that papers are processed by the conference system to match each manuscript to the best possible chairs and reviewers.

- **Double blind review:** The conference reviewing is double blind, in that authors do not know the names of the area chair/reviewers of their papers, and area chairs/reviewers do not know the names of the authors. All authors must avoid providing information that may identify the authors in the papers.

- **Dual/Double Submissions:** By submitting a manuscript to our conference, authors acknowledge that it has not been previously published or accepted for publication in substantially similar form in any peer-reviewed venue including journal, conference, workshop, or archival forums. The goals of the dual submission policy are (i) to have exciting new work be published for the first time at our conference, and (ii) to avoid duplicating the effort of reviewers.



### Important Dates

- **Submission deadline:**  4 May 2022
- **Notification of Acceptance:** 18 May 2022
- **Submission of Camera-Ready Versions:** 1 June 2022



### Organization

- **Organizer:** The Workshop of Information Hiding and Multimedia Security (IHMS)
- **Hosts:** Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering
- **Conference Papers Chairs:**
    Heng Wang, Sichuan University, China
    Jinghan Zhang, Sichuan University, China
    Zihan Yan, Sichuan University, China
