---
organizers:
  -
    name: 杨登辉
    id: 2021xxxxxx078
  -
    name: 邓宇潇
    id: 2021xxxxxx025

title: International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN)
shorttitle: IPSN
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: false
score1: 
score2: 
comments:
---
### Overview

The International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN) is the leading annual forum on research at the intersection of networked embedded sensing, control, and systems design. Now in its 21st year, IPSN has been at the forefront of the development of today’s "smart" systems. IPSN brings together researchers from academia, industry, and government to present and discuss recent advances in both theoretical and experimental research on all aspects of networked systems of sensors and actuators. Its scope includes signal and image processing, information and coding theory, databases and information management, distributed algorithms, networks and protocols, wireless communications, collaborative objects, the Internet of Things, machine learning, mobile and social sensing, and embedded systems design. Of special interest are contributions at the confluence of multiple of these areas.

IPSN 2022 is part of the CPS-IoT Week, the premier venue for research and development of cyber-physical systems. IPSN is co-sponsored by both the ACM and IEEE, and it continues to emphasize research that bridges multiple research communities. IPSN is interested in all aspects of sensor networks, ranging from traditional topics such as networking to more recent developments such as embedded machine learning and computer vision.

Topics will include, but not be limited to, the following:

- Systems, Architectures, and Tools
  - Sensor data storage, retrieval, processing
  - Network and system architectures and protocols
  - IoT gateway platform architecture and services
  - Programming models, languages, and systems
  - Programming models for IoT ensembles
  - Modeling, simulation, and measurement tools
  - Operating systems and runtime environments
  - Discovery, coordination, and use of IoT services
  - IoT reliability, adaptability, and dependability
  - Technical assessment of emerging IoT standards
- Algorithms, Data, and Theory
  - Localization, synchronization, RFID, and RF sensing
  - Data related issues, such as methods, tools, and analysis
  - Coding, compression, and information theory
  - Theoretical foundations and fundamental bounds
- Applications
  - Applications in health, wellness & sustainability
  - Applications in smart cities and urban health
  - Experiences, challenges, comparisons of platforms
  - Sensor-enabled drone / autonomous vehicle platforms and algorithms
  - Outdoor, wide-area, or crowdsourced sensing systems
  - Wearable systems and data processing algorithms
- Security and Privacy
  - Security and privacy
  - Fairness, equity, and transparency issues in IoT and CPS
- Machine Learning
  - Machine learning and deep learning on sensor data
  - New hardware and system design to enable machine learning on sensor data
  - Computer vision for resource-constrained and mobile platforms
  - Novel embedded machine learning algorithms

### Important dates

Paper Submission Deadlines: June 4, 2022(Tentative)

Notification of acceptance: June 18, 2022

Workshops: July 26, 2022

Main Conference: June 25-July 2, 2022

### Submission Guidelines

In addition to the established Best Paper Award, IPSN 2022 may provide a Best Research Artifact Award to the authors who have contributed the research artifact that is judged to be the most novel, easy to use, well documented, and useful to advance research. Research artifacts, such as code, data sets, and tools, are highly encouraged to be submitted or made available simultaneously with paper submission.

Authors should select a primary designation for submissions:

- Methodological papers should describe advances in theories and methods of computer vision, such as ethical issues, theories on presence, or human factors.
- Technology papers should describe advancements in algorithms or devices critical to computer vision such as input, display, user interaction, or tracking. Application papers provide an important insight to the community by explaining how the authors built upon existing ideas and applied them to solve an interesting problem in a novel way.
- System papers should indicate how the developers integrated techniques and technologies to produce an effective system, and convey any lessons learned in the process. All authors must agree to the policies stipulated below.
- Review Process: By submitting a paper to our conference, the authors agree to the review process and understand that papers are processed by the conference system to match each manuscript to the best possible chairs and reviewers.
- IPSN 2022 accepts double-blind paper submissions which have not been previously published. Posted technical reports (ArXiv or similar) do not count as prior publication and do not violate the double-blind requirement. Submitted manuscripts are up to 12 pages, inclusive of figures, tables, and references, following the ACM master article template. Papers are to be submitted at https://ipsn2022.hotcrp.com/. During the review process, the reviewers may anonymously communicate with the authors for clarifying questions.
- Dual/Double Submissions: By submitting a manuscript to our conference, authors acknowledge that it has not been previously published or accepted for publication in substantially similar form in any peer-reviewed venue including journal, conference, workshop, or archival forums. The goals of the dual submission policy are (i) to have exciting new work be published for the first time at our conference, and (ii) to avoid duplicating the effort of reviewers.
- Attendance responsibilities: The authors agree that if the paper is accepted, at least one of the authors will register for the conference and present the paper there. Note that there are no distinct categories for short papers or technotes. The contribution of the paper will be weighed against its length during review. All submissions will receive at least three reviews by experts in the field to ensure quality of accepted submissions.

### Organization

- Organizer: International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN)
- Hosts: Sichuan University, School of Cyber Science and Engineering
- General Chairs:

  - Denghui Yang, Sichuan University
  - Yuxiao Deng, Sichuan University

### Contacts

**1. Conference Papers Chairs:**

- Denghui Yang, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University
- Yuxiao Deng, School of Cyber Science and Engineering, Sichuan University

**2. Paper Submission:**

Just choose one of the two email addresses below to submit,

- Denghui Yang, 767092533@qq.com
- Yuxiao Deng, 1834251289@qq.com
