---
layout: cfp
organizers:
  -
    name: 张子涵
    id: 2021XXXXXX038
  -
    name: 罗彬
    id: 2021XXXXXX022
  -
    name: 曾军皓
    id: 2021XXXXXX020

title: Research in Data Security
shorttitle: RDS
only-for-homework: false
accept-chinese-submission: true
final: true
---


## Call For Papers
Data is a national basic strategic resource and an important factor of
production, which has an important impact on social and economic development.
Data security has become a major issue related to national security and social
and economic development. With the leap-forward development of technological
applications such as big data, cloud computing, blockchain and artificial
intelligence, data security is facing increasingly severe forms.

This workshop focuses on research related to data security and aims to
solicit original research papers discussing new approaches to protect data
security. We would like to cordially invite you to participate in this workshop
by submitting your current research results within a research article or a short
communication. Review articles are also considered provided that the topic of
the review is discussed in advance.

## Topics of interest
Refereed paper submissions are solicited in all areas relating to research in
data security, including but not limited to:

- Machine learning security and privacy
- Cloud computing security
- Content security
- Big data security
- Database security
- Distributed systems security
- Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity
- Usable security and privacy
- Distributed systems security
- New cryptographic protocols with real-world applications
- Analysis of deployed cryptography and cryptographic protocols
- Research on computer security law and policy
- Information manipulation, misinformation, and disinformation

## Submission Guidelines:
Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously
published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference.
Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new
material to be considered for the workshop. The manuscript can be written
in Chinese or English, and generally does not exceed 6 pages.

**Paper format:**

- English: [Templates for Conference Papers - USENIX](https://www.usenix.org/conferences/author-resources/paper-templates)
- Chinese: [四川大学学报 自然科学版](http://jsuese.ijournals.cn/uploadfile/news_images/jsuese_cn/2021-03-04/%E3%80%8A%E5%B7%A5%E7%A8%8B%E7%A7%91%E5%AD%A6%E4%B8%8E%E6%8A%80%E6%9C%AF%E3%80%8B%E8%AE%BA%E6%96%87%E6%8A%95%E7%A8%BF%E6%A8%A1%E6%9D%BF.doc)

## Important Dates:

- Submission deadline: May 24, 2022
- Notification: June 1, 2022

## Conference Papers Chairs:

- Zihan Zhang, Sichaun University
- Junhao Zeng, Sichuan University
- Bin Luo, Sichuan University
