---
organizers:
  -
    name: 李思宇
    id: 2021XXXXXX055
  -
    name: 马梓城
    id: 2021XXXXXX056
title: Seminar on Social Computing and Social Network Governance
shorttitle: SSC&SNG
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
score1:
score2:
comments: ""
---




##  **Scope and Motivation**

Cyberspace has become the "fifth frontier" after land, ocean, sky and space. As the mapping of the real society in cyberspace, Social networks not only become an integral part of people's daily lives, but also play an irreplaceable role in many important events. After the epidemic of COVID-19, this trend became more evident. Social networks played an important role in information transmission, interpersonal communication and business activities. With the large-scale use of social networks, it brings convenience and prosperity to people. More and more information with malicious purposes spreads on social networks, which sets up obstacles for people to obtain effective information and increases the maintenance cost of social systems.

So, we invite authors to submit papers to this seminar (SSC&SNG) that inform the design or deployment of social systems; introduce novel systems, interaction techniques, or algorithms. Because of theinterdisciplinary nature of Social Computing and Social Network, the scope of SSC&SNG 2022 includes social computing, social media and other related areas, including cloud computing, big data analytics, data mining, information security and privacy protection.

This seminar (SSC&SNG) is collecting original technical papers to explore new technologies applied in social networks and methods of social network governance. It is expected to use more intelligent modes and methods, use artificial intelligence technology, optimize the existing technology, or solve the main problems of Bot-account detection, rumor detection, community detection and other aspects. The requirements include but are not limited to the following topics:


## topics：

* Artificial Intelligence for social networks and applications

* Influence analysis in social networks

* Community discovery in large-scale dynamic networks

* Detection of fake comments in commercial social networks
  
* Water army Discrimination in social networks

* Personal privacy leakage in social netwoking platform

* Personalized recommendation algorithm based on big data
* Data mining and application based on multiple social networks

Manuscripts should conform to the standard format as indicated in the Information for Authors section of the Paper Submission Guidelines.All manuscripts to be considered for publication must be submitted by the deadline through Manuscript Central.Please refer to the paper writing format of Sichuan University Natural Science Edition for the paper format.

## Important Dates


**Manuscript Submission Deadline:**  28 May 2022

**Initial Decision Date:**  10  June 2022

**Revised Manuscript Due:**  18 June 2022

**Final Decision Date:**  28 June 2023

**Final Manuscript Due:**  1 July 2023

**Publication Date:**  August 2023



## Submission Instructions

Manuscripts can be written in English and Chinese, and the length is generally 5-12 pages.

The paper will be submitted using ArXiv. For detailed requirements, please visit the paper submission column on the official website of the conference:

All submitted materials will go through a double-blind review process, so the author's name or affiliation should not appear on the title page, and the document should avoid showing its identity in the text and document metadata. For each paper accepted by the conference, the author should promise that at least one author will attend the conference for communication. Papers not attending the meeting will not be published. Contributors must provide a valid email address and mobile phone number.

</div>
