---
layout: cfg
organizers:
	- name: 洪玄泉
	  id: 2021226245001
	- name: 邝鸿波
	  id: 2021226245059
title: 111
shorttitle:
only-for-homework: true
---


##  Call For Papers

SSC(Software Security Conference) focuses on evaluating and predicting software security and improving the reliability and innovation of vulnerability mining products. Recently, Fuzzing have shown effectiveness and scalability as an exploitability tool.Fuzzing is a method to discover software bugs and vulnerabilities by automatic test input generation which has found tremendous recent interest in both academia and industry. Readers are encouraged to submit papers which disclose significant technical knowledge, exploratory developments and applications of  fuzzy systems. Emphasis is given to engineering systems and scientific applications. The Transactions also contains a letters section which includes information of current interest, and comments and rebuttals submitted in connection with published papers. 

##  Topics of interest

The topics of the conference call for papers cover development and analysis methods (models) in the software development life cycle, including but not limited to the following topics:

- The main trustworthiness attributes that affect software reliability (i.e. security, security, and maintainability)
- Secondary trustworthiness attributes that affect software reliability (eg: survivability, resilience, robustness, etc.)
- Threats to reliability (i.e. failures (defects, etc.), errors and failures)
- Reliability methods (failure prevention, elimination, fault tolerance, and prediction)
- Metrics, measurements and threat estimation for reliability prediction and interaction with hazard/safety
- Reliability of software services
- Reliability of Open Source Software
- Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) reliability
- Reliability of big data processing software
- Model-Based and Automatically Generated Software Reliability
- Reliability of specific types of system software (e.g. unmanned, autonomous and adaptive, green and sustainable mobility systems, etc.)
- Reliability of software in specific technology domains (eg: Machine Learning, IoT, Cloud, Semantic Web/Web3.0, Virtualization, Blockchain, etc.)
- Normative/regulatory/ethical issues related to software reliability
- Social Factors of Software Reliability

## Submission Guidelines:

Submitted papers must contain original work, which has neither been previously published nor it is currently under review by another journal or conference. Previously published or accepted conference papers must contain at least 40% new material to be considered for the special issue. All papers will be peer-reviewed by at least three independent reviewers. Requests for additional information should be addressed to the corresponding guest editor.

The ISSRE 2022 research topic calls for original, unpublished research papers in three categories: 

1. Regular Papers (REG)

2. Practical Experience Reports (PER)

3. Tools and Artifacts Papers (TAR). 

Papers will be reviewed according to criteria appropriate to each category. ISSRE welcomes original research that explores new scientific ideas, provides new evidence for established research directions, or reflects on practical experience.

## Important Dates:

- Submission deadline: May 13, 2022
- Initial notification: May 20, 2022
- Final acceptance/rejection notification: August 18 , 2022
- Meeting date: October 24-27, 2022