---
layout: cfp 
organizers:
  -
    name: 邵将
    id: 2021XXXXXX080
  -
    name: 陈家乐
    id: 2021XXXXXX014
  -
    name: 刘斯诺
    id: 2021XXXXXX002
title: Security Threats & Countermeasures in Clouds
shorttitle: STCC
only-for-homework: true
---

# Call For Papers
## STCC 2022 

_China Chengdu_ 
_The 1st Meeting of the Security Threats & Countermeasures in Clouds_    
_July 23~24, ShuangLiu, ChengDu_

Cloud computing is emerging as a promising IT solution that enables ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources. As quite popular  applications based on cloud computing, technologies like containers, trusted computing, etc. leverage the elastic, agile, resource pooling and service-oriented features of cloud computing to solve problems encountered by businesses throughout the development and operational lifecycle.
However, due to the open nature of Internet connectivity, cloud computing brings a big challenge for the security community; hackers may exploit critical vulnerabilities in a wide range of cloud applications and devices for carrying out their nefarious activities. As a result, the widespread adoption of cloud is still being hindered by various serious security and privacy concerns. Cloud security has already become an issue of high concern.  
STCC aims to provide a platform for researchers and practitioners to present and discuss a wide-range of security problems in clouds to ensure better protection in a cloud ecosystem. This workshop invites submissions on new attacks and solutions on various cloud computing and cloud native technologies, as well as short surveys and case studies that shed light on the security implications of clouds.

### Topics of interest
We encourage the submission of high-quality contributions regarding the recent advances in cloud attacks and defenses. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:  
+ Trusted Computing in Clouds
+ Access Control and Authentications in Clouds
+ Anomaly Detection in Clouds
+ Security Threats and Countermeasures in Cloud Containers
+ The Security of Cloud-Native Applications
+ Security and Privacy of Fog Computing
+ Risk Analysis for Clouds

### Submission Guidelines  
Electronic submissions will include the following:  
+ Select Presentation Format (Workshop, General Session, Breakout, Solutions Track, Panel Session/Roundtable Discussion)
+ Contact Information (name, address, title, company, email, etc.)
+ Brief biography (1-2 sentences)
+ Synopsis (with clear definition of session and take-aways, 250-word limit)  

**Noted**: This conference implements a **double-blind reviewing process** . Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. The authors should make a reasonable effort not to reveal their identities of institutional affiliations in the text, figures, photos, links, or other data that is contained in the paper. 

### Important Dates
- Submission Deadline: 30 April, 2022
- Initial notification: 12 June, 2022
- Final acceptance: 20 June , 2022

### Contact Information
Email: 1293098289@qq.com

### General chairs
* Shao Jiang (Sichuan University)
* Chen Jiale (Sichuan University)
* Liu Sinuo (Sichuan University)