---
organizers:
  -
    name: 颜可翔
    id: 2018XXXXXXX145
  -
    name: 周罡
    id: 2018XXXXXXX116
  -
    name: 周沿江
    id: 2018XXXXXXX150
title: Workshop on Content Security and Social Media 
shorttitle: CSSM
only-for-homework: True
accept-chinese-submission: True
---

# WCSSM Call for Papers 

## Overview

Past few years, the rapid development in Internet technology has brought up many online social platform such as Facebook, Twitter, Sina Weibo. Different from traditional media, online social media allows all the users to be an information producer and interact with each other. Such highly participatory provided numerous contents which might cause potential crisis. All the social media platform are unwilling to put themselves into risks, therefore it presents a challenge to researchers to analyze the contents and ensure maximum security.

The objective of this workshop is to provide general guidelines on the current and future trends in content security technologies as well as  online social network technologies. Our task is to discuss how to analyze the contents along with the content providers and what security measures can be made based on this analysis. WCSSM aims to demonstrate recent advances and address existing challenges in social media, natural language, computer vision, artificial intelligence technologies. WCSSM provides great opportunities for participants to share ideas with each other, and thus contributes advanced research.

## Topics of Interest

**Text Processing :**

- Text Mining and Sentiment Analysis
- Sensitive Content Detection
- Topic Detection and Tracing
- Rumor and Fakenews detection
- NLP deep learning
- ...

**Image, audio and video processing :**

- Violence and pornography detection
- Copyright protection using Steganography
- Deepfake detection
- ...

**Social Media**：

- Robot detection
- Trends, information and opinion diffusion in social media
- Trust, reputation, and privacy in Social Media
- ...

Submission Instructions
----------------

### Paper Format

All submissions must obey the following formatting requirements.

- You must provide an abstract, and it should be of no more than 200 words.
- You must submit papers in PDF (Portable Document Format).
- All the submitted paper should follow the IEEE publishing guidence.You can use manuscript templates provided by **[IEEE eXpress Conference Publishing](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html)**.

### Paper Review

All submitted papers will be judged based on their quality and relevance through **double-blind** reviewing, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers. Please take the following steps when preparing your submission:

- Remove the names and affiliations of authors from the title page. 
- Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources.
- Do not embed pointers to external sources that leak author identity or affiliation.
- Be careful in naming your files. 

### Paper Acceptance

Workshop on Content Security and Social Media will notify authors of acceptance/rejection decisions by **June 15, 2022**. Authors of accepted papers should share ideas at the conference on **June 22, 2022**.

### Paper Submission

Authors are invited to submit papers to the email address **papersubmission@wcssm.org** by **June 1, 2022 **. Submissions must be original and should not have been published previously or be under consideration for publication while being evaluated for this conference.

## Important Dates

Submission Deadline: **June 1, 2022 **

Notification Due: **June 15,2022**

Main conference: **June 22, 2022**

**Note: All deadlines are in accordance with Beijing time (BKG -7h)**

## Organziers

Kexiang Yan (Sichuan University, Chengdu, China)

Gang Zhou (Sichuan University, Chengdu, China)

Yanjiang Zhou (Sichuan University, Chengdu, China)
