---
layout:cpf
organizers:
  -
    name: 吴昊天
    id: 2021xxxxxx018
  -
    name: 张璐
    id: 2021xxxxxx043
title: Workshop on Network and Software Security
shorttitle: WNSS
only-for-homework: true
accept-chinese-submission: true
---

##  Call for papers

​     In recent years, with the application of Internet technology in various industries, the quantity and scale of software have shown explosive growth, and software and network security are therefore facing severe challenges. First, the frequent occurrence of software vulnerabilities is a major threat to network security. Like the Ukraine power grid incident, the concussion virus and the wannacry virus are all spread through malware. Attackers not only take advantage of these vulnerabilities to paralyze the system, but also cause serious damage to society. Secondly, despite the promulgation of various regulations for software security, with the continuous improvement of hackers' attack methods, and in the process of software development, whether it is the lack of coding awareness of programmers or the vulnerability of the programming language itself, software vulnerabilities are becoming more and more serious. Unavoidable. This brings great challenges to software and network security protection. Therefore, how to accurately find out the security loopholes in software and network has become an urgent problem to be solved.
​      This symposium is a conference that facilitates the exchange of information between researchers and practitioners of advanced techniques in software and cybersecurity. Our aim is to present the current state-of-the-art in software and network vulnerability mining and possible future research directions. WNSS provides a good sharing opportunity for researchers who implement and optimize technologies such as vulnerability reproduction and vulnerability mining, and provides a good communication platform for researchers interested in this direction.

### Symposium Topics

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

* Binary security
* Fuzzing test 
* Stain analysis techniques
* Vulnerability mining
* Symbol execution techniques
* Malware detection
* System and application software security
* Mobile platform security
* Security mechanisms for network nodes and network protocols
* Network APT attack detection and defense

This list of topics is not exhaustive; WNSS is interested in all aspects of software security and network security. However, papers that do not explicitly apply to software security will be considered out of scope and may be rejected without a full review.

## Important Date

Submission Deadline: 23:59:59 UTC+8,20th June 2022
Final Decision Date: 20th July 2022
Workshop time: 25th July 2022
Publication Date: December 2022

## Page Limit and Formatting

Submissions must be original and should not have been previously published or were under consideration for publication at the time of WNSS evaluation. Authors must comply with the ACM policy and procedures on plagiarism and the ACM policy on prior publication and simultaneous submission.

Research and empirical papers and reproducibility studies should be a maximum of 13 pages in length, excluding references and appendices. Empirical papers and reproducible studies should be submitted with a clear indication of their category in the title of the paper, e.g. "XXX (Empirical papers)".

We accept Chinese and English papers. If you choose to English, the author of paper format should be consistent with [IEEE the Transactions on Networking] HTML (https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.). If you choose Chinese, The author's thesis format should satisfy "journal of sichuan university (natural science edition)" requirements (http://science.ijournals.cn/uploadfile/news_images/jsunature_cn/2020-12-16 / mode. PDF).

Double blind review
WNSS 2022 will be double-blind reviewed. Submissions should not reveal the author's identity in any way. Authors should omit their names and affiliations from their submissions. They should also ensure that any references they make to related work are written in the third person, meaning "XYZ's previous work" rather than "our previous work".

Supplementary material
If the material supports the claims in the paper, the author is free to provide additional material. Such material may include proofs, experimental results and/or data sets. This material should be uploaded at the same time as the submission. Any supplementary material must also be anonymous. Reviewers are not required to check the supplementary material, but may refer to it if they want to find further evidence to support the claims made in the paper. Please prepare supplementary materials in PDF format.

## Submissions of Papers

Papers must be submitted at https://github.com/scu-scse-homework/cfp and may be updated at any time until the submission deadline expires.

## Organization

- Organizer: Workshop on Network and Software Security(WNSS)

- Hosts: Sichuan University, School of Cyberspace Security Institute

- General Chairs:
  Lu Zhang, Sichuan University
  Haotian Wu, Sichuan University
